
  sexstories.com <https://www.sexstories.com/>


    A Sexy Submissive Mother and her Dominant Teenage Son by abf666
    <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1707401/abf666>

Fiction, Anal, Ass to mouth, Blowjob, Cum Swallowing, Domination/
submission, Incest, Oral Sex, Role-playing, Teen Male / Female, Water
Sports/Pissing, Written by women


      Author's infos

Gender: N/A    Age: N/A    Location: N/A
Posted Wed 5th of May 2021
Report <javascript:report(102426)>
Font size : - +


    Introduction:

6 months after his father died, Kyle has no idea his mother is having
increasingly lustful thoughts about him becoming her dominant lover. She
fantasizes about him taking charge and doing whatever he wants with her
firm body. When her frustration becomes too much she throws caution to
the winds and seduces him, setting them both on a path they'll have to
keep quiet at all costs.
A Sexy Submissive Mother and her Dominant Teenage Son

This is a story of a woman who suffers the tragic loss of her husband,
only to find her long-held desire to be dominated satisfied by her
teenage son. Together they explore the roles of dominant and submissive,
leading to pleasure through surrender that neither could have imagined.

This is a work of fiction and I have no desire to participate in incest
or sex with a minor, nor do I condone it. Should you find yourself
considering either please seek professional help.

As this is my first story I welcome your comments regardless of whether
they are positive or negative. However if they are negative I ask you to
consider two points. Firstly, this is my fantasy and if you feel it
would have been better if I included this or excluded that, then you
should write a story that reflects your preferences. Secondly, please be
kind! There are far too many anonymous keyboard warriors, who post
comments they would never convey in person, and this cowardice.

So I hope you enjoy my simple tale, and if I receive positive comments I
will write another!

**********************************************************************************

I stood before the full-length mirror, carefully checking to ensure
every detail was perfect before my lover arrived. My mother was Armenian
and I inherited her olive complexion and jet-black hair, which was up in
a high ponytail as Kyle preferred. My makeup was flawless, with mascara
and glitter eye shadow framing my hazel eyes and gloss red lipstick
providing the perfect pout. Large circular earrings dangled from my
lobes, tiny diamantes that spelt the word SLUT glittering in the
sunlight streaming through the window.

A studded leather collar was strapped around my neck, with slim chains
that trailed down to the rings that pierced my nipples and clit-hood,
something Kyle arranged soon after we started fucking. An indigo
quarter-cup bra pushed my firm C-cup breasts upward, matched by G-string
panties that framed my shaved pussy to perfection. I did a slow turn,
careful not to stumble on my platform pumps with seven-inch spike heels,
bending forward as I spread my cheeks to reveal the glass plug nestled
tightly in my butt. I couldn’t resist a satisfied smile, knowing Kyle
would love my look though he was unlikely to acknowledge it. The clock
on the side table confirmed I had a few minutes so I walked downstairs,
poured a glass of wine and sat on the lounge to wait, loving the
decadent feeling of the thick plug pushing deeper under my modest weight.

Oh, I should mention the man fucking me in every imaginable way is my
sixteen-year old son, so perhaps I should provide a little background as
to how this situation unfolded.

I’m in my late-thirties and take care of my body, enjoying the way it
draws admiring glances when I rock a tiny bikini at the local beach.
Allan and I married in our early twenties and decided to start our
family soon after, delighted to welcome the birth of our son.
Complications with the delivery meant he would never have a brother or
sister, something we regretted for some time. Being intelligent, career-
minded people we rose the corporate ranks, enjoying the comforts of
executive salaries without realizing single children have specific
needs. We purchased a luxurious home, decorated it with taste and
enjoyed driving prestige cars, dining out and regular overseas holidays.
While we gave Kyle the love and attention we felt he needed, we
overlooked a teenager developing a serious “couldn’t give a shit” attitude.

Six months ago Allan suffered a severe brain aneurysm which resulted in
a massive stoke. For weeks he lay unresponsive in ICU, until I was faced
with the heartbreaking decision to turn off his life-support with a
final goodbye kiss. The partner I intended spending the rest of my life
with was gone, and it took some time to accept I was a widow at a young
age. Allan was everything I wanted, apart from in the bedroom. Sure, he
was a considerate, attentive lover who went out of his away to ensure I
was satisfied, but my needs had changed. In corporate life I was a
senior executive responsible for over one thousand employees, but in the
privacy of my home I wanted a lover who would take charge, do whatever
he wanted and use me for his pleasure. We discussed this several times
and he certainly tried, but it wasn’t in his nature to be the dominant
partner I increasingly craved.

Once I had given myself time to grieve, I took the first hesitant steps
to rebuild my life. Thankfully, we both had substantial insurance
policies so there were no financial concerns, and I enjoyed my career
and couldn’t imagine taking a step back. But I had time on my hands,
slept in an empty bed, and the prospect of trawling through dating sites
seemed pointless as most eligible men would lose interest as soon as I
mentioned my teenage son. It seemed fate had tied my hands, or had it?

Initially I didn’t realize I was looking at Kyle differently, but
certainly not in a sexual way. I found myself attracted to his attitude
despite the off-hand and sometimes rude way he spoke to me. I made a
point of spending time with him and at times he was pleasant company,
others would see him ignore me and pay more attention to his cell or
disappear into his room. As time passed, I found myself admiring him
physically and, while I have a mother’s bias, he was an attractive young
man. Tall with a handsomely masculine face, broad-shouldered and
sporting a chiseled six-pack from school football.

Around two months ago I realized I was thinking of him sexually, looking
beyond his casual rugged appearance and the persona that went with it. I
started fantasizing about taking him as a lover, masturbating in the
privacy of my bedroom as I envisaged his proud cock fucking me. My
fantasies grew darker, imaging him taking me anally, tying me up and
whipping me, and satisfying my desire to be dominated.

I began dressing provocatively, wearing short skirts and skimpy tops
with no bra, hoping he’d sneak a surreptitious glance. I caught the
occasional peek but nothing more, so I took every opportunity to brush
against him or make a show of getting something from a high cupboard so
my skirt would ride up, but my efforts were futile.

I checked his computer browser and knew he regularly visited porn sites,
and with my level of frustration building decided to throw caution to
the winds with a more direct approach. It was a Friday night and he’d
gone to his room as usual, so I crept down the hall to see flickering
light under the door. With no TV in his room this had to be his
computer, so I went to my room and tore my clothes off, praying he was
watching porn and not some harmless Youtube video. I slipped into a
backless halter mini-dress with a plunging neckline, strapped on a pair
of killer heels and strode back to his door. With trembling hands I
opened the door to find him naked on his bed, watching porn while
stroking his impressively thick, seven-inch cock.

I’m not sure what reaction I expected to my rude interruption, perhaps
embarrassment or a mortified response to being caught, but what I
received was blazing teenage anger.

“What the fuck Mom! You don’t get you should knock before you just barge
in?” To my amazement he kept stroking his shaft and made no attempt to
hide his screen or mute the sound. “Are you fucking bored or something?
Did you figure you’d just walk in and watch me jack-off?”

His eyes locked on mine, his lips forming a sneer of derision as he
waited for me to reply or leave, clearly not caring which. I had one
chance to bring this back on track so I tried to mimic his sneer as I
replied. “I’m just trying to figure out if you’re blind or just plain
stupid. You keep disappearing into your room and there’s no surprise
why, while I’ve been dressing in sexy clothes and giving you signals
that I’m interested. But it seems you’d rather watch porn and jerk off
when you could have the real thing? Seems like a dumb choice to me!”



His sneer was replaced by a look of confusion and I hoped I was back in
control, the question was where this would go next? “Wha….what are you
saying Mom? I mean, I noticed you were dressing different and……are you
saying you’ve been trying to seduce me?”

I stood my ground and smiled. “So you’re not totally stupid, thank God
for that! I was starting to believe you weren’t as intelligent as I
thought. Of course I’ve been trying to seduce you, there’s no one else
here!”

The on-screen action was finally ignored and his cock was shrinking so I
walked over, put the computer on the side table, unwrapped his slick
fingers and replaced them with mine. “Hmmm, it seems you’re losing
interest, perhaps I can help.” Before he could regain control, I
crouched down and took his semi-soft cock between my lips, caressing his
oozing glans with my tongue as my hand started stroking. Finally I had
him where I wanted, and I wasn’t going to waste the opportunity.

“What the fuck?” He gasped. “Jesus Mom, you’re sucking my cock!”

I released my lip-lock to give a smoldering smile. “And you get an A for
stating the obvious honey.” I teased, before resuming my incestuous work.

His cock was magnificent, growing longer and harder between my moist
lips until I was sure he was not only a good inch longer than Allan’s
satisfying organ, but thicker as well. I was euphoric, my eyes closed in
sexual bliss as I sucked and stroked his wonderful flesh until I felt
his glans nudge the entrance to my throat. Deep throat was something I
mastered years ago so his now-firm length gave me no concerns, I merely
took a deep breath, relaxed my muscles and took him into my throat until
my lips brushed his heavy balls.

“Fuck, FUCKING JESUS!” He cried out. “Oh yeah, fuck yeah, suck it Mom!
You keep sucking me like this and I’m gonna pump my wad straight down
your throat!”

I paused for a second and looked up to see burning lust in his gaze, so
I closed my eyes again and moaned around his shaft. “Hmmmmmmm!!” I
resumed stroking, sucking and licking, increasing the tempo as I sought
to bring him to the shuddering climax I craved so desperately. I wanted
his scalding seed spraying into my mouth and deep into my throat. The
house could have been burning down and I wouldn’t have missed a beat,
nothing was going to stand between me and a bellyful of sweet teenage cum.

His hips started thrusting, driving his proud cock deeper into my throat
and filling the room with slippery sounds. “Fucking hell! Gonna cum so
hard Mom!”

I didn’t know if he was trying to warn me or was lost in the moment, but
when I sensed his cock twitch I deep-throated him until my lips were
locked around his root. “CUMMIIINNNNGGGGG!!!” He bellowed, so I grabbed
his butt-cheeks and pulled him deeper, feeling his thick cum spray
forcefully into my throat and burn its way down. Again and again he
came, one strong rope after another pumping deep as his hands gripped my
head, holding me in place while I drained his copious load.

I savored every viscous drop, maintaining my oral embrace until the
final stuttering spurts signaled he had finished. I lifted my head
slowly, teasing every inch of flesh as my lips carefully cleaned his
still-firm shaft until he slipped free. When his eyes finally blinked
open, I licked my lips sensuously and gave him a loving smile. “Very
tasty honey, and I love how much cum you pumped into my throat. That was
quite a load!”

I stood and stretched, smiling down as he breathed heavily while still
looking totally confused. “I feel like a drink. If you enjoyed that,
come down and we’ll talk about other things I can do for you. Or you
could always go back to watching porn and jerking off, your choice.”

“Shit Mom, that was amazing!” He groaned. “I’ll be down, just…..give me
a few minutes, ok?”

“Sure honey. Like I said, your choice.” I turned and walked out,
exaggerating the sway of my hips like a catwalk model as I left.

He walked in a few minutes later, uncapping a bottle of juice to gulp it
straight from the bottle before he sat opposite. “What the fuck’s gotten
into you Mom? Are you taking some kind of female Viagra or something? I
mean…..you just gave me a blow-job!”



I was still coming down from my euphoric state and smiled easily. “Don’t
tell me you didn’t enjoy it? I’ve been told I give great head.”

He shook his head vehemently. “It was awesome, so fucking good,
but….you’re my Mom!”

I leaned forward, my eyes locked on his. “If you got a hang-up about
that maybe you’d better get over it. That is, if you want more.”

“More? Who wouldn’t want more of that? So how about you tell me what’s
really going on here, because I have no fucking clue!” I suppressed the
urge to grin knowing he was struggling to come to terms with the change
in family dynamic. I took a sip of wine to steady my nerves, knowing how
important my next words would be.

“It’s not that complicated really. Losing your father was terrible and I
miss him every day, but I’m still young and I have needs. I can’t be a
moping widow forever and Allan would want me to get on with my life. I
thought about dating and singles websites, but you hear so many negative
stories I didn’t feel comfortable trying. Plus, and I don’t want you
feel guilty about this because it’s not your fault, most men looking for
a new relationship don’t want someone else’s kid as part of the deal.”

He looked thoughtful as he considered that. “Yeah, I can see how that
could be difficult, particularly with me around. But you’ve got your
work and friends, is it really that difficult or are you just making
excuses?”

“As far as work goes, I keep my private and professional lives separate
because I’ve seen too many office relationships end badly, and normally
one or both people have to leave. I love my career and I’ve worked hard
to get to where I am, so I’m not going to do anything to jeopardize
that. With friends, how lame would be if I start going round asking
“Hey, do know any nice single men?” To me that’s pretty desperate.”

He nodded slowly. “Yeah, that would be pretty lame. So, you said there
are other things you could do for me? You wanna expand on that? What did
you have in mind?”

I swallowed nervously as this was where I went out on a limb without a
safety net. “Well, you’re not seeing anyone at the moment? I mean, you
and Jenny seemed pretty close a few months back, but I haven’t seen her
for a while.”

He shrugged nonchalantly. “Didn’t work out. She reckoned I had a shit
attitude.”



I couldn’t resist a knowing smile. “She could be right honey, you can be
a bit arrogant sometimes. To answer your question, I’m not ready for a
relationship but I enjoy great sex. But I don’t want to pick up some guy
in a bar for an occasional quick fuck or blow job, I want something……
deeper than that.”

I blushed and my pulse was racing so I paused to take a longer sip.

“Deeper? You’re talking in riddles and not making sense. You say you
don’t want a relationship, but you don’t just want sex either?”

“You have no idea how difficult this is honey. What I want is…..a man
who takes charge when it comes to sex. A man who will take what he wants
whenever he’s in the mood. I’m responsible for over a thousand employees
and make critical decisions every day, when I’m home I want someone else
to be the boss and tell me what to do so I can just relax and enjoy it.”

“So you’re……what do they call it? A submissive or something? Sheeeit!
And you want me to be that guy? Is that what you’re saying?”

I leaned across the table and took his hand, noting for once he didn’t
pull away. “Yes, I’m a submissive and you can do anything you want
honey, and I do mean anything. Any fantasy you’ve ever had, anything
you’ve seen in a porn movie, I don’t care what it is. Don’t ask me if I
want to do something or if what you’re doing is ok, just go for it.”

The familiar sneer reappeared and he pulled his hand away to sit back.
“Yeah? Sorry Mom, I’ll call bullshit on that all night. You’ve got no
idea what gets me off and I’ll bet you’d run a mile the first time I
tried something…..unconventional.”

I smiled easily though my nerves were jumping off the charts. “It’s true
I have no idea what your tastes are, but you don’t know about mine
either.” What I didn’t say was, at his age he’d had sex and experimented
with some basic things, but he wasn’t old enough to develop significant
experience. “How about you tell me something you’d like to try, and I’ll
tell you if I’m ok with that?”

He considered that for a moment until a salacious grin spread across his
face. “Fine. I’ve always wanted to try anal sex, so I wanna fuck your
tight little butt and blow a huge load deep in your ass. What do you say
to that?” He sat back thinking he’d scored a touchdown, a look of
triumph on his face.

I leaned forward and gave him a sexy smile. “What I’d say is, give me
ten minutes to have a quick shower and grab some lube.”

His satisfied smirk disappeared as his jaw dropped in disbelief. “Are
you serious? You’d…..actually let me fuck your ass?”

To reinforce the point I pushed my chair back and stood. “So am I going
for a shower, or are you all show and no go?”

His grin returned and I started to realize he was a fast learner. “Oh,
you’re going for a shower, but you might need a little longer. You can
shave your cunt while you’re at it. If you seriously wanna be my fuck-
toy, the pubes have gotta go.”

I was already loving the way he was thinking and smiled back. “Done,
I’ll be back before you know it. Why don’t you watch some porn on the
TV? If you’re going to fuck my ass, your cock needs to be really hard.”

I flew upstairs and rummaged through my drawer of sex toys, found my
trusty bottle of lube and hurried into the bathroom. I stripped off and
turned the taps on, immersing myself under the soothing spray before
washing thoroughly. Stepping to the side I soaped my thin strip of pubic
hair, took my razor and started shaving it off. It was difficult as my
hands were trembling at the prospect of an incestuous ass fucking, and I
could feel precum oozing down my thighs. I managed to complete my task,
running my fingers across my freshly shaved skin to ensure I hadn’t
missed a tiny tuft.



Satisfied, I uncapped the lube, poured a thick bead into my hand and
started massaging my puckered butt. I slid one finger inside and then
another, taking care not to scratch my clenching muscles with my nails
as I thoroughly lubed my tight passage. I repeated this several times,
knowing preparation was the key to enjoyable anal play, until I was
confident I was squeaky-clean.

A final rinse and I toweled dry and slipped into my robe. I was halfway
out the door before I remembered the lube, taking the bottle and heading
down to find Kyle stroking his cock while he watched porn on our
hundred-inch TV. The picture was amazing in Ultra HD and I doubted his
little laptop would get much action in future.

I stood there waiting for him to tell me what to do, but he ignored me
so I sat on the couch beside him. I’d missed the start so I wasn’t sure
who the characters were supposed to be, not that adult movies have much
of a plot, but a middle-aged man was busy pussy-fucking a woman around
his own age, while a much younger man, perhaps his son, was driving an
impressive piece of cock-meat into her clenching butt. She was obviously
enjoying the attention, enthusiastically pleading with them to fuck her
harder.

Kyle grinned across at me. “Maybe I should bring a friend home and give
you a DP. One thick cock in your cunt and another deep in your ass.”

I grinned back. “Make it two friends honey; the other can fuck my face.”

“Shit, you really are a crazy cunt Mom. I never knew you were into this
stuff!”

“There’s a lot you don’t know about me son, but I get the feeling you’ll
catch on fast.”

He turned to give me a lascivious smile that would become increasingly
familiar. “Get busy lubing my cock, slut. There’s a dirty little butt I
can’t wait to fuck!”

I uncapped the lube and poured another thick bead into my hand before
spreading it over his ready cock. I should have been ashamed for using
my son this way, but in truth I couldn’t care less. What I craved more
than anything was to feel his bulbous head driving deep inside my most
private place. My parents were quite conservative, so there was no way I
could have gone on the pill when I discovered the joys of sex in my mid-
teens. I soon learned anal sex was a great way to keep a boy interested
without falling pregnant and besides, good girls didn’t do anal but I
never aspired to be a good girl, bad girls got the guys!

Satisfied I had thoroughly lubed his cock, Kyle stood and led me over to
the breakfast bar, pushing me forward until I was bent over at the
waist. “Pull you cheeks open bitch. I want to see what I’m aiming at.”

I shivered and did as I was told, my body-heat spiking as I imagined how
my puckered brown opening would look with its glistening smear of lube.
I felt his slick head brush my ring, closing my eyes in blissful
anticipation as I breathed deeply, willing my muscles to relax for the
coming penetration. He gripped my waist firmly, pinching my flesh as he
pushed forward until my hands clenched as his glans forced a pathway
inside.

“Oh my God, your cock is huge!” I gasped.

“Too big for you slut?” He chuckled. “Too bad, I’m not backing out now.”

“Just…..go slow until I stretch a little….please?” I begged.

I should have known my plea would be ignored as he pushed forward again,
using firm fucking strokes as he worked against the resistance of my
protesting muscles.

“Jesus fucking Christ, that’s one tight little butt, but it’ll loosen up
soon enough!” He acknowledged, fucking me with lust-fueled determination.

I did the only thing I could and willed my body to relax, working on my
breathing and unclenching my hands as he sodomized me. He pulled back a
little and paused for a moment, before I felt a cool sensation from more
lube dribbling over his cock. My body finally accepted the futility of
resistance and opened, allowing more of his steel-hard cock to penetrate
me until his balls slapped softly against my dribbling cunt. Success at
last and I was in heaven! A thousand sensations overwhelmed me, the feel
of his thick cock stretching every fiber coupled with the mind-fuck of
knowing my son was deep inside a place few had been.

“Yes, oh God YES!” I cried in delight. “You feel so good baby, so
fucking good. Fuck me….fuck my dirty little butt and make me your bitch!”

He laughed so hard I could feel the vibrations through his cock as he
settled into a deeper rhythmic fucking. “Oh, I’m gonna make you my
bitch, the only question is whether you can handle it.”

Every thrust became easier as my body surrendered and I enjoyed every
decadent second. My body was his for the taking and he seemed completely
comfortable taking charge. This was what I had longed for, and I
wondered what other delicious surprises would come over the weekend and
beyond. One thing was sure, this was a great start!

“Fuck that ass honey.” I encouraged. “Fuck it hard and deep all night. I
love it so much, feeling your beautiful cock stretching my tight butt!”

“You’re just a dirty cock-whore aren’t you? A sick little slut who can’t
get enough cock!”

“Yes!” I shrieked. “I’m a filthy cock-whore, a total slut desperate to
have your cock in all my holes. You can fuck my ass, my cunt and my face
anytime you want baby. I’ll never get enough of this!”

I gave myself totally to the pure delight of indulgence, savoring every
grinding thrust and feeling as if I was the filthiest whore on the
planet. There was nothing better than this and I was going to enjoy
every moment.

My blissful reverie continued for several minutes until it was
interrupted by his simultaneous cry of “CUMMINGGGGG!!!!” and feeling his
cock swell as the first powerful stream pumped deep into my clenching
butt. His gushing cum sent me over the edge as I came again and again,
my body shuddering as slick cum oozed from my sphincter and trailed down
to my quivering pussy. A hedonistic scent teased my flared nostrils
until finally, we were spent.

He stood motionless, I could sense the tension ebb from his body as his
cock shrank, sliding ever-so-slowly back until the pressure of his load
pushed him free. I lay there for a while, enjoying the warm bliss fade
until suddenly he grabbed a handful of my hair, dragged me off the
breakfast bar and pushed me to my knees.

I opened my eyes expecting to see him clutching a torn tuft of hair, but
he just grinned down at me. “You’ve made a fucking mess of my cock,
bitch. Clean it up, with your mouth!”

Shit! Ass to mouth? That was one of the few things I’d never done nor
did I have any desire to, but in the back of my mind this annoying,
strident voice lectured me. “You wanted this. You wanted him to take
charge and now he has, so you have to do what he says!”

I managed a smile and prayed it was half-convincing, thankful I had been
particular about cleaning myself in the shower. Taking a deep breath I
opened my mouth as he thrust his hips forward, forcing his soiled, spent
cock past my lips. My initial attempt was hesitant to the point I
expected him to grab the back of my head and pull me deeper, but the
taste wasn’t too bad and my reservations subsided. Feeling bolder, I
started bathing his glans with my tongue, relaxing while telling myself
it was all in my head and I needed to accept this was what I had asked
for. As I cleaned him the earthy taste diminished and I took his full
length in my mouth, his balls pressed against my chin as my enthusiasm
grew and I sucked and licked harder. Finally he pulled back, gasping.
“Fuck, you are full of surprises bitch. I figured there was no way you’d
do that, or puke all over me if you tried!”

I grinned up at him, holding out my hand so he could help me up. “Maybe
you’ll start believing me honey. I said you could do anything you
wanted, and I meant it!”

He slid a firm hand behind my head and leaned down to kiss me, our
tongues embracing to celebrate our decadent behavior. “You’re pretty
fucking hot Mom.” He complimented after breaking our kiss. “I’m really
looking forward to this weekend, you’ll be lucky if you can walk on Monday!”

We turned off the lights and headed upstairs and while part of me was
disappointed he showed no interest in sharing my bed, that wasn’t what I
really wanted. If he was comfortable sleeping alone that was fine, as
long as kept fucking me the way he just had.

I slid between the sheets, laughing as I realized I was grinning in
indulgent satisfaction. My final thought was ass to mouth? Box ticked,
and it wasn’t that bad!

I slept better than I had in months and woke with the sun streaming
through the windows. I stood and stretched, opening the window to allow
the gentle spring breeze to waft through the room. On a whim I picked up
my phone and scrolled through my playlist, picking a collection of rock
tracks and dancing to the heavy beat. I went into the bathroom and
enjoyed a long, hot shower, unable to resist the temptation of sliding
two fingers into my pussy and bringing myself to a pleasant climax. I
toweled dry, brushed my hair and applied make up to ensure I looked my
best, before considering what to wear. Would Kyle prefer to see me naked
or wearing something skimpy?

I rummaged through the closet with no clue what I was looking for, until
I found an old cotton spaghetti-strap top. I slid it over my head and
thought my braless boobs looked good but it still needed something, so I
folded the hem up until a teasing glimpse of my tits were visible.
Careful not to lose the fold I slid it over my head and rummaged through
my drawers until I found a pair of sharp scissors. With it dramatically
shortened-up I put it on again, grinning to see it should be slutty
enough to get Kyle’s attention. I considered a pair of cut-off denim
shorts and they looked great, but they were a pain to put on and take
off so they went back in the drawer. Finally I settled on sexy G-string
panties, slipped on a pair of heels and took my blaring cell downstairs.

Kyle was normally a late-riser on weekends, so I brewed a coffee and
went into my office to check my emails and clear a few work tasks. Since
Covid hit I’d been working from home unless there was a reason to go
into the office. The upside was I didn’t have the forty-minute commute
each way, the downside was a blurred separation between home and work
that sometimes saw me on the computer until late. If last night was
anything to go by, my time-management skills were going to be challenged
from now on!

I made steady progress and lost track of time until my playlist reached
the end, and I realized nearly two hours had passed. I was about to
check on Kyle when he walked in and gave me a sheepish smile. “Dunno
why, but I slept really well last night. Any chance of breakfast, I’ve
got a serious appetite!”

Well, that was a welcome change, as normally he’d walk in complaining
breakfast wasn’t on the table. I pushed my chair back and stood,
enjoying his attentive look at my immodest clothing. “Come on then, I
was just thinking I should wake you before breakfast becomes lunch.”

We walked into the kitchen and soon had eggs, sausages and hash browns
sizzling away. It was another welcome surprise to see him setting the
table and pouring glasses of juice before I turned back to ensure
nothing was burning. A pair of muscular arms circled my waist and pulled
me back against his groin. “Did my sexy cunt sleep well?” He whispered
in my ear before giving my earlobe a playful nip that sent shivers down
my spine.

“Your sexy cunt slept very well thanks, better than I have in ages
though I have no idea why!” I teased, shamelessly grinding my butt
against his crotch.

“Short memory problem. I can fix that easy.”

“Counting on it.” I agreed breathlessly. “Now go away before I serve
charcoal.”

His hands slid under the hem of my shortened top, giving my nipples a
long, firm squeeze. My boobs had always been extremely sensitive, in
fact I could cum from nipple play alone when it was done well, but
breakfast was ready and in danger of going from just right to burnt.
“I’m loving this, honestly but….after breakfast ok? If today is going to
be anything like last night you need to put some gas in the tank.”

He laughed and released his grip. “Ok, breakfast first, then I’m gonna
fuck you till you can’t get up.”

“Promises, promises!” I laughed happily as I handed him a stacked plate.

We ate as if we hadn’t had a decent meal in days, and when I was
finished I took a long sip of juice and sat back contentedly. A stomach
full of food was a great start, and the promise of hot cum for dessert
was a very pleasant prospect. Kyle amazed me by starting to clear the
table, something I couldn’t ever recall him doing. He must have caught
my quizzical expression.

“Come on you lazy slut, if I’m gonna fuck you on this table we need to
put this shit away unless you want me to sweep it onto the floor.”

Needless to say I jumped to my feet, helping him clear and stack the
dishwasher.

“Lose the panties!” He snapped and I hurried to slide them down my legs.
“On your knees and get me hard.” He demanded, shrugging off his robe and
dropping it on the floor.

I fell to my knees, carefully lifted his semi-soft cock and leaned
forward to take it in my mouth. He’d made it clear this was a
preliminary so I set about my task with gusto, sucking him deep into my
mouth as my tongue caressed his rapidly growing shaft. In a minute or so
I felt that wonderful hardness and was wondering whether to take him
into my throat when he pushed me back.

He lifted me as if I were weightless, picking me up and dropping me on
the table-top. A push against my shoulder had me lying back before he
gripped my ankles, dragging me across the surface until my butt rested
on the edge. He lifted my legs higher, bending them back until they were
above my head.

“Hold them there.” He spat, waiting impatiently until I had one hand
around each. “Spread ‘em…..wider…..wider…..that’s it, now, aren’t you a
sight for sore eyes?”

I wished I could see myself with his eyes, lying back with my legs
spread as wide as they would go, my dripping pussy shamelessly
displayed. The look on his face was my aphrodisiac, a look of intense,
unbridled lust, and I knew I was in for a memorable fucking.

My cunt felt as if it was on fire, I was so hot and ready I had to have
him inside me. He took a half-step forward, held his dripping glans
against my pussy lips, and lunged forward.

His firm thrust drove the breath from my lungs and threatened to push me
back across the table, my moist pussy stretching to take him. He paused
for a second, as if savoring the moment, before fucking me with an
intensity I had rarely experienced before. This was no gentle lovemaking
session, it was primal animalistic fuck, and it was sooooooo good!

There was no way I could move to meet his body, nor did I want to. I was
nothing more than a willing, compliant hole he would fuck until he was
satisfied, I was in a state of total bliss! Again and again, his loaded
balls slapped against me as he forced even more of this impressive
length inside me, and my first orgasm wasn’t the normal trembling cum,
it was close to an explosion.

“Fuck….cumming already!” I screamed in delight. “Oh fuck, sweet Jesus,
you are fucking me so good honey. Give me that cock. Give that hard,
cunt-fucking cock!”

“You fucking whore!” He raged back. “You complete fuck-pig! Fuck it
bitch, fuck the cum right out of my cock!”

Desperate to satisfy him I bore down, using my muscles to clamp around
his swollen shaft until I lost the battle for control as one gushing
climax followed the next. I dissolved into a series of exquisite orgasms
as his fucking bordered on brutal, thick liquid sounds impossible to
ignore as my pussy flooded and I felt a growing pool of warmth under my
butt. This was a breathtaking cunt-fuck and it was our first!

Drool ran from my lips as he ravaged me, and while I needed to tell him
I couldn’t take much more it was impossible to speak. With one final
lunge he pushed deep inside and starting pumping his load, each scalding
spurt so strong I was sure I could feel it bruising the walls of my
ravaged cunt.

Time and again he came until he stood still, groaning unintelligibly as
his body shook. His cock lost its wonderful hardness and suddenly he was
gone, leaving me empty as he collapsed to the floor breathing heavily.
My hands slid from my ankles and I lowered my cramping legs, pushing
myself back across the table until I could stretch out like a satisfied
cat.

I drifted away to a warm peaceful place and have no idea how long I lay
bathing in the afterglow. Finally I managed to push myself up, sitting
on the edge of the table as viscous cream trickled slowly from my
thoroughly fucked pussy. He was lying back with a contented expression
on his young face. “Penny for your thoughts.” I said softly.

His eyes blinked and looked up at me. “I was just thinking…..every time
we fuck it gets better and…..wondering when it’ll plateau out.”

I smirked in satisfaction, as it’s one thing to feel you had epic sex
but even better when your partner agrees. “It’ll happen at some point.”
I stated simply. “Then we’ll just have get….creative.”

“Fuck mom, I love you way you think.” He laughed.

“And I love you way you fuck honey! So, what would you like to do today?”

He stood and stretched as he looked outside. “Hey, how about we hit the
beach? It’s an awesome day and I wouldn’t mind getting into the surf.”

At first I was disappointed, expecting he’d suggest indoor activities
but it was a great day, we had plenty of time, and the chance to work on
my tan was a pleasant prospect.

“Sure, why not?” I agreed. “Help me clean up and we can get dressed and go.”

Thirty minutes later we were in my car and ready to hit the road. Last
year I bought a BMW convertible for days like this so I powered the roof
down, loving the sun and breeze on my skin, pumped up the music and
punched it through the gears. The salesman thought I was crazy when I
insisted on the six-speed, but I learned on a stick-shift and loved
driving! The traffic was light and our luck was in when we cruised into
the parking lot just a family in a mini-van backed out, so we pulled
straight into their spot.

Kyle grabbed the bag of drinks while I took the towels and we walked
onto the warm sand, finding an area away from the crowds and noisy kids.
We applied sunscreen to each other, Kyle spending a delicious amount of
time on the parts of my boobs and butt not covered by my tiny string
bikini, before we ran down to the water and plunged into the gentle
surf. The water was cold at first but so refreshing, and we swam for a
while before Kyle body-surfed a few of the larger waves. It was a
perfect way to spend the morning.

When the waves died to a gentle swell we strolled back up the beach,
spread our towels and lay back in the sun. I unzipped the cooler-bag and
fumbled around until I found a couple of plastic glasses and the
container I’d poured a half bottle of wine into. “Glass of wine honey?”
I suggested.

He grinned. “You know you’re not supposed to bring alcohol onto the
beach Mom.”

I feigned a look of surprise. “Who, me? I’ve just got this container
with a cool drink in it, who’s going to know what it is?”

He laughed. “You’re behaving like a crazy teenager but sure, I’ll have a
glass thanks.”

I poured and passed one over so we could enjoy a cleansing sip as we
watched another set of breakers roll in. “How are you enjoying your
weekend so far?” I asked with a knowing smile.

“Pretty fucking awesome.” He replied with a grin that matched mine. “But
I’m still trying to figure out where this sex-crazed woman came from,
‘cause I have no freakin’ clue!”

“I’m just trying to get my life back on track honey.” I replied simply.
“When your Dad passed away it took a while to figure out what I wanted,
then I decided there was nothing to lose by going for it. I’m really
happy with the way that turned out, but it makes me wonder about you.”

“What do you mean?”

“I’m so happy about this I can’t describe it, but I had no idea you’d be
so….experienced, or have such a variety of things you’d be interested
in. I was thinking I’d have to lead you along, you know, teach you
different things and take it slow, but wow, I can’t believe how wrong I
was!”

He laughed heartily. “Dunno about experience because Jenny is the only
girl I’ve had sex with, and it wasn’t that great at first. She was the
one who got me interested in porn, I mean, I’d looked at some stuff but
nothing serious. She tried giving me head and it was kinda crap, then
all of a sudden she got much better so I asked what the deal was. I was
thinking maybe she was practicing with someone else, but she just
laughed and said she learned by watching porn. So I started looking
around and man, there’s some kinky shit out there. But I was hooked and
it was hot jerking off watching. One thing for sure, watching porn is
nothing compared to the real thing!”

I remembered watching porn when I was his age, though back then it was
DVDs discreetly passed around at school. I had watched the occasional
adult movie since, always with Allan as a lead-in to a pleasant bedroom
session, but now it seemed I had some catching up to do.

I casually glanced around to make sure nobody was close before rolling
on my side to face him. I took his hand in mine and slid it under the
tiny triangle covering my pussy, seeing him grin in surprise as he
started stroking my slit. “When you say kinky shit, would you care to
elaborate?”

He took a moment to respond, feeling the first traces of pussy lube
which made it easier to slide his finger inside. “You name it, it’s out
there. Plenty of oral, anal, double penetrations, gang bangs, hell,
there’s even chicks shoving massive dildos in their cunts.”

“Interesting.” I mused, finding it increasingly difficult to focus as a
second digit joined the first in a gentle finger-fuck. “But that doesn’t
sound that kinky. You can tell me if you’ve watched movies that are more
extreme and I won’t get angry, I’m genuinely curious.”

He laughed. “Ok Mom, I watched one the other night and this girl was
tongue-fucking a guy’s butt while she jacked his cock, and some of the
wilder ones have fisting including in the butt, pissing, even girls
having sex with dogs!”

A tremor rippled through my body as his lustful confession added to the
pleasant sensations emanating from my increasingly wet pussy. “I’m not
sure I could take your fist in my butt honey, and I’d have to think
about sex with animals…..” I deliberately trailed off, waiting
expectantly for his reaction.

Sure enough it didn’t take long. “Shit, are you saying you’d tongue my
ass? And…..it’d be ok if I pissed on you?” He hissed in disbelief.

“Why don’t we go home and find out?” I smirked. “Maybe you could have a
quick shower to wash the salt off.”

His hand slid free to quickly disappear down his trunks and rearrange
his burgeoning cock. “Let’s go!” He enthused.

We gathered our things and headed up the beach, laying our towels on the
seats as the black leather was way too hot for bare skin, before the
tires chirped as I hit the gas. As soon as we arrived Kyle headed for
the shower and I thought about joining him, before realizing I’d need
another soon.

He walked back into the den with droplets of water still trailing down
his skin and his perfect specimen dangling heavily. The breakfast bar
was becoming his favorite place as he bent forward with his hands on the
surface. “Get busy bitch, I want that tongue deep in my butt!”

I smiled in hedonistic anticipation as I knelt behind him, my hands
spreading his muscular cheeks to provide a clear view of his puckered
muscle. Many people don’t realize the anus is a highly erogenous area,
perhaps because they think it’s a dirty place and don’t associate it
with satisfying sex. I had no such hang-ups, particularly after my first
experience with ass-to-mouth, and it seemed Kyle didn’t either as a long
groan reached my ears the moment I brushed the tip of my tongue across
his tight sphincter.

My second pass was slower and firmer, before I bathed the tight skin
until it gleamed in the light. “Fucking loving this cunt, keep going!”
He encouraged.

I knew his muscles would soon welcome my oral attention and sure enough,
the natural resistance waned until the tip of my probing tongue slid
inside. I felt him move above me, his chest resting on the bench leaving
his hands free to pull his cheeks even further apart.

My hand snaked around his body until his hard, oozing cock was in my
grasp. “That’s it bitch. Jack that cock and slide that slut-tongue up my
ass!” I was happy to comply, my slippery tongue probing deeper as my
hand spread his copious precum down the length of his shaft.

“Yeah slut, you’re doing me real good. Keep going like this and I’m
gonna spray jizz everywhere.”

I pulled back momentarily. “I want it on my face honey, please? I want
your hot cum all over my face!” I pleaded.

“Sure bitch, that’s no fucking problem.” He assured me.



I was desperate to have him paint my face in thick, dribbling cream, to
feel it trickle down my skin in a portrait of decadent release, so I
resumed my oral loving. His butt muscles had relaxed to the point my
tongue was sliding deep inside, probing the walls of his passage as my
hand stroked steadily.

I was becoming addicted to his responses, the way his cock grew longer
and harder to every touch, while he struggled to remain still as my
tongue explored a place no other had been. He was moaning continuous
encouragement, using language many would find disgusting but only served
to spur me on as I sought to bring him to an explosive climax.

“Fucking hell, so good cunt, so fucking good! You’re gonna get a cum-
bath soon you butt-sucking whore!”

I increased my grip, sliding my hand right up to the tip of his glans
before moving back until I brushed his gently swinging balls. His cock
seemed to grow even thicker until he pushed himself up and swung round,
almost bowling me over in his haste.

Knowing what was coming I sat back on my haunches, expectantly waiting
as his hand replaced mine and became a blur of movement. “This what you
want slut? You want me pump my load all over your pretty little butt-
sucking face?”

“Yes!” I shrieked. “Oh God, YES! Give it to me baby, give me every last
drop!”

The first shot took me by surprise, almost knocking me backward as it
laid a thick stripe across my face. He kept stroking furiously, managing
to spray each jet in a different place until his hot juice was dribbling
down from my forehead, cheeks and nose. I leaned forward and opened my
mouth, giving him a wanton invitation to coat my tongue with cum.
Finally he started to lose intensity, his final release spattering
across my breasts until a thick bead ran down my nipple before dripping
onto my clenched thighs.

He grinned down at me in satisfaction, admiring his handiwork before he
took a half-step closer and used his cock-head to smear his cream across
my face. When he was done I leaned forward and took his softening member
into my mouth, bathing it with the cum I kept inside. I slid back and
swallowed, loving the way his jizz slid down my throat before cleaning
him gently.

His hands were on my head guiding me, perhaps to ensure I didn’t move
too quickly while I cleaned his sensitive cock. Finally he stepped back
and I carefully wiped a bead of cum about to trickle into my eye. “Wow
honey, that was one heck of a cum-bath!” I enthused happily.

He laughed. “You look like a total slut sitting there with cum dripping
all over your face.”

“Then I must have done a great job. Did you enjoy having my tongue in
your butt?”

“Fuck yeah.” He chuckled. “Felt kinda strange, but so good!”

I leaned back and spread my legs, loving the heat in his gaze as I
trailed a lazy finger up my slit. This was what I had craved for so
long, to have the freedom to behave like a total slut without judgement
or criticism, just the pure enjoyment of being an instrument of
pleasure. I slid one finger then a second inside, stretching the walls
of my slippery pussy as I started finger-fucking myself.

He sat beside me watching, before dipping his head to take a cum-coated
nipple in his mouth. He sucked it gently at first, gradually increasing
the suction as my strawberry-bud grew longer in his mouth like a tiny
cock. I felt his teeth graze my sensitive flesh before a brief, sharp bite.

“Oh yeah.” I hissed. “I like that!”

Another bite followed, this one longer and harder as his teeth dug into
my flesh, and I was close to cumming when suddenly he sat up. My fingers
were still busy as he leaned across to give my other nipple similar
treatment, his tongue teasing me before one brief nip, followed by a
firmer bite.

I trembled and shook as my fingers were bathed in warm, slippery cum so
he bit me again, which drew a harder climax from my cunt. Growing more
confident, he gripped my nipple firmly between his teeth and pulled
back, stretching my nipple and breast until it felt as taut as a violin
string.

He moved around my body, leaving playful nips on my shoulders, neck and
ear lobes, each giving me shivers as a third finger burrowed inside me.
I was cumming continuously and struggled not to collapse back onto the
floor, but this was so good I didn’t want to move and risk losing the
moment.

Working his way down, I felt his breath on my pussy lips as his hand
wrap around mine, folding a fourth finger against the others and helping
me slide it past my slick labia. With four fingers working in concert I
was seriously stretched, muscles protesting as they reached their limit,
but he showed no interest in any discomfort as he continued using my
hand to fist myself.

“Stretch that cunt, get your whole fucking fist in there!” He snapped as
his hand brutally forced more of mine inside my painfully stretched pussy.

“Not sure….I can!” I gasped through the pain.

His response was an evil laugh. “Of course you can slut. This is what
you want isn’t it? You want to be treated like a filthy fuck-pig don’t
you? GET….IT…..IN THERE!”

I was puffing and hissing as if in the final stages of birth, trying to
stretch my cunt far beyond its limits as he crushed my thumb against my
slippery fingers and kept pushing mercilessly. I was about to cry in
defeat when, with one savage thrust, he managed to ram my quivering hand
past the ring of resistance.

I felt numb from the waist down, struggling to comprehend I had actually
taken my complete hand inside my quivering body. “Now isn’t that a
sight?” He sneered. “My sweet mom with her whole fist inside her hot
little cunt! How’s that feel whore?”

Ever so slowly my sense of feeling returned, knowing the worst was over
and I had satisfied his domineering wish. “So….fucking…..stuffed!” Was
all I could stammer.

His hand gripped my wrist like a vice, encouraging me to move. “They
call it fist fucking bitch, so let’s see you fist that hot little cunt!”

Leaving my hand to its own devices his thumb peeled my clit hood back
and started rubbing it firmly, grinding over the slick surface as I
attempted to stuff my fist deeper. I felt his other hand force a path
beneath mine until his finger spread my oozing juice over my puckered
butt-hole, coating it with natures lube before pushing firmly inside my
butt.

My senses were close to overload as I felt the tension in my pussy
muscles, his strong thumb massaging my clit and his finger probing deep
inside my butt. My body was being used in ways I could never have
imagined, and I was delirious in delight. He didn’t care whether I was
in pain or enjoying his demanding treatment, he was giving me everything
I had wished for and so much more!

“Fuck that cunt bitch, push that fist deeper!” He growled and I
struggled to comply.

A second finger slid past my clenching ring and bent at the tip until it
scraped against my fist through the separating wall, and I came. This
wasn’t a pleasant ripple that built to a crescendo, it was a tidal-wave
of cum spraying over my hand as I forced it deeper. A second cum was
followed by another and I was sobbing, laughing, gasping and screaming
as my senses shutdown and I slumped back, unable to do anything other
than breathe.

“Not bad slut. Not bad at all!” I heard him laugh as he moved back,
allowing me to recover at my own leisurely pace. The beginnings of cramp
in my forearm convinced me to pull my fist free, thankful it was far
easier to pull back and I could feel my cunt gape, the muscles incapable
of reverting to normal size. I lay back on the floor wondering why I had
waited so long, but satisfied I had finally let the genie out of the
bottle.

After several minutes I managed to get to my feet, walking into the
kitchen to pour a tall glass of fruit juice which disappeared as I
quenched my thirst.

Kyle was sitting on a chair watching me. “Did that scratch your itch?”
He teased knowingly.

“For now.” I smiled in satisfaction. “But the day is still young.”

“Fucking crazy cunt!” He laughed. “Let me know what you’ve done with my
mom when you figure it out.”

I stood before him with my hands on my hips. “You don’t like the new
me?” I teased back. “Rather have the old one back?”

He gazed at me with wicked gleam in his eyes. “Can’t see her ever coming
back, you’re enjoying this way too much!”

“You have no idea honey.” I replied honestly. “It’s hard to describe,
but I just feel this amazing sense of freedom. It’s like…..the person I
wanted to be was locked away somewhere, and now the door has been ripped
open and I’m free to be who I want without worrying what anyone thinks.
It’s exhilarating!”

He considered that for a moment, something I didn’t recall seeing and I
wondered if our relationship was moving to another level. I mean, the
sex side was a significant and obvious shift, but was there a deeper
change happening?

“You sure surprised the hell out of me.” He acknowledged. “I mean, I had
no freaking idea you could be like this. You were always just Mom and I
never realized you had these secrets busting to get out. Did you and dad
get into stuff like this?”

I considered his question as I walked into the kitchen and took a bottle
of wine from the fridge, holding it up until he nodded and I poured two
glasses. I passed his over and took a sip from mine. “It’s complicated
honey. I wasn’t always like this, I guess I first realized I had this
nagging need to be…..dominated…. a few years ago. I talked to your dad
and he did try, but it just wasn’t in his nature. I think you’re either
born with a dominant personality or you’re not, and he wasn’t. It was
never a deal-breaker or something that had me thinking about divorce, I
just tried to accept it wasn’t going to happen and move on. Even when he
died I wasn’t thinking this was my chance, it just happened over time.”

“So what made you decide to jump me?” He asked in genuine interest.
“That was a hell of a risk. Weren’t you shit-scared I’d tell you to fuck
off and go see a shrink?”

“You have no idea!” I laughed loudly. “I was really worried but so horny
too. I’d been thinking about taking a chance for weeks but kept
chickening out. Finally I figured I just had to try, but I was petrified
you’d think I’d lost my mind!”

He laughed at my passionate reply. “I was sure you had, but the idea of
getting laid was kind of appealing, even if it meant fucking my Mom.”

“So, do you think I’m a good fuck?” I asked breathlessly.

“Nah.” He teased. “I think you’re a dynamite fuck. Now I’m wishing it
happened sooner!”

“My bad, I’m kicking myself for the same reasons!” I assured him. “How
do you feel about this now? I mean, our relationship has completely
changed and it happened so fast. Are you ok with this, not having any
reservations or regrets?”

Once again, he thought about my questions for a moment. “No, it’s cool.
I guess it’ll take time to see how it goes, but I’d be crazy not to go
with it. Knowing I can fuck you without bullshit limits is, what did you
call it, exhilarating? Sure beats the hell out of jerking off!”

I smiled in satisfaction. “I’m so happy to hear you say that, because
that’s precisely what I want. I want you to fuck me whenever you want,
and I don’t care what you do.”

He shrugged nonchalantly. “That’s the part I’m still trying to get my
head around. It’s one thing knowing I can fuck you anytime, but a whole
other level when you say things like that. I know you mean it, but it’s
still real strange. When I was fucking Jenny it was ok, but I was always
wondering if she liked what we were doing. Knowing anything goes is way
better.”

“I’d call that a win all round.” I assured him. “You can say goodbye to
masturbating and I’m finally getting the kind of sex I’ve wanted for so
long.”

He leaned forward intently. “You keep asking me what I want to do and
what I’m into, but how about you Mom? What dirty little fantasies are
hiding in your head? It’s time you evened things up a little.”

He sat back expectantly, waiting for me to bare my soul. “Well, I have a
couple of fantasies I’ve never shared with anyone. When you said you’d
invite a couple of friends to fuck me, that got me so wet! My pussy was
dripping as it’s something I’ve never done, but I’ve fantasized about.
The main drawback would be making sure they never told anyone, but young
boys love to brag about their sexual exploits so that’d be almost
impossible.”

“Maybe not.” He replied simply. “I’d take their cells and tell them if
word got out I wouldn’t care who had the big mouth, neither of them
would ever be invited back.”

It was my turn to consider his logical solution. “Actually…..that could
work. Good thinking honey!”

“So what else Mom? You said you had a couple of fantasies.”

“Well, this one is more intense. I know it sounds crazy, but I keep
having this dream a man breaks in when I’m alone and…..rapes me. I know
he isn’t going to kill me, but he ties me up, slaps me around then rips
my clothes off and fucks my mouth, pussy and ass before he leaves.”

Kyle whistled as his eyes flared. “That’s some fantasy Mom!” He breathed
heavily. “Are you saying you want me to do that? Like a role-play thing?”

“I hadn’t thought that far, but how do you feel about that?” I asked
leaning forward and watching his reaction intently. “Is it something
you’d be willing to do?”

His response was an evil grin. “Have you got any handcuffs or bondage
stuff?”

I stood and held out my hand. “Why don’t we go upstairs and see?”

I led him to my bedroom, opening a drawer to display my collection of
adult toys. He pushed me aside and rummaged through the things I bought
some time ago hoping Allan would use them on me. I appreciated he took
his time, particularly as I doubted he’d used these before. I had a
couple of dildos including one around twelve inches long and two inches
thick which clearly piqued his interest, before moving through a couple
of butt-lugs and nipple clips. He dangled a pair of handcuffs in my
face, before inspecting an assortment of Velcro ties, a spreader bar and
a leather-tipped riding crop.

“You are full of surprises Mom.” He whistled. “Most of these look brand
new, you said Dad wasn’t that interested, but I sure am!”

“I was hoping you’d say that honey.” I breathed heavily, as I’d wondered
what his reaction would be.

He turned to face me. “You said a part of your fantasy was to be slapped
around, you wanna elaborate on that?”

I felt my face blushing and wasn’t sure if it was embarrassment or
anticipation. “If you’re prepared to do this I want it to be realistic.
I don’t want to finish covered in bruises, particularly on my face, but
a rape scenario wouldn’t be convincing if you weren’t rough with me.
Does that make sense?”

“I think so.” He said with an evil smirk before taking me by surprise.
“I’m going out for a while, you might want to take a shower in an hour
or so and dress in something you don’t want to wear again.”

I wasn’t sure what to expect, but it seemed he was going to fulfil my
fantasy now, and as realistically as possible. My legs turned to jello
and my pussy moistened, I was so ready and now he was going to make me
wait? Sonofabitch!!!

I gulped and nodded but he was already walking away. The sound of the
front door closing confirmed I was alone and I convinced my shaky legs
to take me downstairs for another glass of wine. Having to wait was
exquisite torture and I knew it was deliberate, so I sipped the wine and
pondered the endless possibilities of how this would unfold. I had told
him I wanted realism but left how to achieve it in his hands, my cunt
was still oozing, this was going to be the longest hour of my life!

Finally the time ticked over and I went upstairs, going through my
wardrobe until I settled for an old slip dress. It was suitably short
with thin spaghetti-straps and looked reasonably sexy, but I hadn’t worn
it in ages so it would be no loss. As an afterthought I picked a pair of
heels that were a reasonable match and headed for my shower. The
steaming spray was a welcome distraction as I carefully washed and
toweled dry. I brushed my hair, slipped into the dress and heels,
applied a little make-up and cherry lipstick, and I was ready.

I opened the door questioning whether I’d left the light on as it was
dark, when suddenly I was dragged into the room before a muscular arm
wrapped around my throat, pulling me back. A long carving knife appeared
before a coarse voice growled in my ear.

“Gonna teach you a lesson about home security cunt, dumb fucking move
leaving your door unlocked. I know there’s nobody else here, you
expecting anyone home soon bitch?”



He was so convincing I shivered. “No, just me.” I gasped. “My son is
away for the weekend. He won’t be home until tomorrow night.”

“So we’ve got plenty of time to have some fun.” He sneered, dragging me
over to the dresser. “Put your hands behind your back and don’t fucking
move!” He ordered, the cold steel cuffs snapping around my wrists before
he pushed me into the middle of the room.

I trembled when I saw him, as the clothes were familiar but he looked
menacing in a black balaclava that concealed his face. I was slipping
deeper into my fantasy character. “What….what do you want?” I stammered.
“I’ll do anything you want just….please don’t hurt me!”

He slapped me across the face and before I could react a stinging back-
hander snapped my head the other way. “Oh, I’m gonna hurt you cunt, but
if you be nice and do as I say I won’t kill you. But if you cross me,
try to scream or do anything else I don’t like, I’ll cut you into little
pieces, got it?”

I gulped and nodded. “Yes, I understand. I’ll do anything you want!”

He gripped my nipple through the thin fabric and crushed it between his
thumb and forefinger until I groaned in pain. “Nice tits bitch, let’s
have a better look.” He slid the knife between my breasts and sliced
down until the dress was cut through, then cut the straps so it fell to
the floor. “Not a bad body for an old cunt, much better than that bitch
I raped last week, she was a fucking dog!”

His hand slid between my legs. “Spread ‘em!” He barked before sliding a
finger up and down my slit. “Fuck me, you’re wet already, I think you’re
enjoying this. Get down on the floor!”

I was wondering how to comply when a foot in the back pushed me roughly
forward and, with my hands cuffed behind my back, I face-planted onto
the carpet. No sooner had I hit the floor than he attacked me, firmly
slapping my butt cheeks before he pulled them roughly apart. I felt his
hot breath ripple across my skin before his mouth was all over my butt-
hole, licking and biting my tender flesh. There was no teasing or gentle
build-up, his tongue burrowed against the resistance of my tight hole
forcing it’s way inside. The feel of his mouth on my butt had me on a
fast-track to euphoria and I couldn’t prevent a squeal of delight. It
seemed his probing tongue was everywhere and I bit my lip to prevent a
plea to rape my tight ass slipping from my lips.

I wanted it so bad, my butt cheeks burning from his brutal slaps while
inside was soothed by the constant probing of his pointed tongue. I was
desperate to feel his dripping glans force a path inside and drive deep
toward my bowel. His mouth left me and I prepared to take him, but it
seemed he had other plans. I heard him walk across the room then return,
a soft click preempting a dribble of cool lube he massaged across my
ring before forcing a slippery finger inside, coating the walls of my butt.

I felt something press against my well-lubed ring but it wasn’t a thick
cock-head, it was harder and more pointed. “Oh my God, what are you
doing?” I gasped in surprise.

A malicious laugh teased my ears. “Ain’t it obvious bitch? I’m plugging
your ass to give it a good stretching before I fuck it later. Nothing
feels better than jamming my cock up a tight little butt. Ever been
fucked in the ass before slut?”

“Oh no!” I cried out. “Please, not that, I’ll do anything else, just not
there….PLEASE!”

A wicked slap across my tender butt ensured I’d have a mark that would
take a while to fade. “I’m going there cunt, so get used to the idea.
And I hope you didn’t take a dump recently, ‘cause it ain’t gonna taste
good when you clean my wang with your mouth after!”

“You fucking animal!” I hissed, before shrieking in pain as he jammed
the plug into my butt, brutally stretching it further than it was ready
to go. “Owwww! Oh God, that hurts!”

He grabbed a handful of hair and yanked my head back, his face inches
from mine. “You just don’t know when to shut it, do you cunt?” He
roared, stuffing his sweaty jocks into my mouth. “That should keep you
quiet!”

He moved back to give my butt a series of firm slaps before pushing my
legs apart. I felt him shuffle forward and his slick glans pushed
against my slit, sliding up and down to spread his oozing precum before
he slammed forward, stretching my pussy against the pressure of the plug
until his balls slapped against me.

“Now that’s a cunt ready for fucking.” He sneered. “You can bullshit you
don’t want it but the body don’t lie slut, this sloppy hole’s primed for
cock and that’s what it’s gonna get!”

He was right on the money though my reluctant character would never
admit it, but deep down he was performing perfectly and I was delirious.
With my butt and pussy stuffed my senses were amplified, and I could
feel every ridge and ripple on his thick shaft as he took me, pulling
back until I feared he would slip free, then driving deep inside until I
had every magnificent inch. I prayed this would never end and my body
betrayed my character by pushing back against him.

“Yeah bitch, that’s it. Fuck that cock, take it all, I told you this
cunt was hot for fucking!”

I pushed back again, knowing I had it all but desperate for more, unable
to tell him how much I craved it with my mouth stuffed full. I have no
idea how long he fucked me, time had no relevance as I was his captive,
his collection of holes to fuck until he’d had enough which I hoped was
a long way off.

My face was lying in a growing pool of drool and I didn’t care, the
friction in my pussy was my sole focal point until he quickened his pace
and started grunting each time he slammed into me. “Fuck bitch, I’m
gonna cum so hard you’re gonna be gargling cum any second! Mmmm…..yeah
cunt, HERE…..IT…..COMES!”

I tried to hold back but it was pointless, he was fucking me so hard I
dissolved into an intense series of orgasms that tore through my body.
His final lunge drove me across the floor as his cock flared before a
torrent of hot jizz filled my clenching pussy. That was the first of his
gushes, and in seconds I could feel it seeping past his still-thrusting
shaft and dribble down my thighs. Still he kept fucking and cumming
until the pressure pushed a huge gob out with a farting sound. Normally
I would have been mortified but today I couldn’t care less, as long as
he kept pumping his seed.

Finally he finished, staying perfectly still until I felt his body shake
and he collapsed back. As his cock slid free a louder liquid fart echoed
and I dropped onto my side, my chest heaving from the unrelenting
pounding. I couldn’t remember being so thoroughly fucked and the feeling
was pure bliss!

I lay still, feeling the warmth of copious cum oozing from my thoroughly
fucked cunt. I smiled as I wondered if I’d ever get the carpet clean,
but that was a problem for later. I sensed he was standing over me as he
reached down to reef his jocks from my mouth, allowing me to take deep
breaths of cleansing air.

“I’m hungry cunt, you need to make me something to eat.”

“Sure…ok.” I stammered as he released the handcuffs, his strong hands
sliding under my armpits and lifting me to my feet where I rubbed my
wrists to restore the circulation. “I’m not sure what I have, can we go
downstairs and I’ll see?”

“Cool, but before we do that……” He walked over to my drawer and picked
up a pair of nipple clips. They had serrated teeth covered by some kind
of plastic or rubber sleeve which he slid off and tossed carelessly on
the floor. He gripped one nipple firmly, giving it a painful squeeze
before twisting it around until it grew into a hard pink bud. He took
one clip, placed it over my nipple, then allowed the jaws to snap shut
causing me to yelp in pain as the sharp teeth bit into my tender flesh
drawing a tiny bead of blood. He ignored my whimpering protest and
repeated the treatment on my other nipple, twisting it even further
until my legs started to give out, then snapped the second clip.

“That’s more like it.” He sneered, standing back to admire his handiwork
before giving me a stinging swat on the butt with the riding crop.
“Let’s get some food, I’m gonna need plenty of energy for what’s coming
next.”

He followed me to the kitchen, casually flicking the crop against his
hand. I opened the fridge and bent forward to see what I could prepare,
jumping when the crop sliced across my butt. I spun round and gave him a
withering glare. “Do you want something to eat or not?” I spat,
receiving a wicked slice across each breast which made clips sting even
more.

“Shut it cunt. When I want you to speak I’ll ask you a question. Hey,
you got any booze in this dump?”

“Yes.” I replied meekly. “I’ve got some wine and I think there’s a
bottle of bourbon in the den.”

“I’ll have a wine and you can have a bourbon.”

I raised a questioning eyebrow but led him into the den. He picked up a
bottle of Jack Daniels and took me back where he poured what must have
been three or four nips, handing me the glass.

I knew I’d be halfway drunk if I drank that much and said so. “That’s
the whole idea slut, so you’d better start chugging.” He grinned. “Butt-
fucking’s way better when you’re loose, so get it down.”

I took a long sip feeling it burn down my throat, found some steaks and
quickly peeled some potatoes, sliding a dish of frozen peas in the
microwave as he looked around. “So, just you and your son live here?”

“That’s right. Do you mind if I sit down? My legs are kind of wobbly.”

“Sure.” He replied easily. “As long as you don’t burn my steak it’s
cool. How old is your son?”

“Sixteen and growing up fast.” I replied, wondering where this was going.

He took a sip from his glass. “Sixteen huh? With a cunt like yours you
should be fucking him.”

“My sex life is none of your business.” My character snapped back,
earning me another whipping across each nipple, which I was enjoying
more each time he snapped the crop. “Yow! So….why do you say that, why
would I fuck my underage son?” I persisted.

“Come on bitch, you can’t be that stupid!” He sneered. “Young cocks cum
in buckets, are ready for more much faster than old wangs, and you can
train ‘em to fuck just like you want. I’ll bet your kid would love to
get between your legs and give you a serious pounding. Don’t tell me
that hasn’t crossed your mind.”

I stood and checked on the steaks, turning them over before getting out
plates and cutlery. “Cat got your tongue cunt?” He persisted. “Or was I
close to the truth?”

“Whatever.” I replied lamely.

“Whatever? What kind of dumb-fuck answer is that?” He strode over and
slashed my tits again, leaving a brutal welt across each. “Answer me or
I’ll give my arm a good workout!”

“YOOOWWWW!!!” I squealed in genuine pain, though my pussy was getting
wetter by the second. “Yes, I’m fucking him, I’m ashamed to admit it,
but I’m fucking my son!”

He sat back down and leered. “I knew it, when you didn’t deny it first-
up, I fucking knew it! Don’t feel bad cunt, you’d be amazed how many of
the bitches I fuck are spreading their legs when they shouldn’t be. So,
how long has this been going on and be honest, otherwise I might come
back when he’s home, tie him up and let him watch how it’s really done.”

Dinner was in danger of burning so I turned off the stove and served,
squirming on my seat to find a comfortable position for my plugged butt.
He raised a questioning eyebrow so I picked up the thread of
conversation. “It hasn’t been long, my husband died recently and I swear
nothing was going on before that.”

“So, the bitch got an itch and decided to scratch it at home. I’d call
that a smart choice, start bringing strangers home and he’s likely to
act up a treat. How big is his cock? Is he a good fuck?”

I didn’t realise how hungry I was and chewed quickly so I could reply.
“His cock is similar to yours and yes, he’s a surprisingly good fuck.”

“Good for you. You gone down on him? Sucked his cock until he blew his
wad in your mouth?”

“Yes, I have.”

It was his turn to wait until he finished his mouthful, which gave me
time to appreciate how well he was playing his role. “You know, normally
when I plug a slut’s ass, she thrashes around squealing like a stuck pig
for ages. They huff and puff ‘till their shitter stretches then they
finally calm down, at least until I chuck my wang in there.” He paused
for an evil chuckle. “I’m gonna give you one chance to answer my next
question honestly, and if I even think you might be lying it’s gonna get
real ugly. So, has his wiener been knocking on your back door?”

I lowered my head, hoping he would think I was embarrassed when I was
trying to conceal an appreciative grin. “Yes, we’ve had anal sex, in
fact I told him he could fuck my ass anytime he wants.”

He whistled. “I figured there was something different ‘bout you! So,
baby boy gets to put his pecker in your pooper anytime he wants, and
I’ll bet you just love a filthy butt-fuck don’t you?”

I looked up and locked eyes with him. “I love a dirty butt-fuck, I can’t
think of anything I like more.”

“So when I fuck your tight little butt you’re gonna be honest and tell
me how much you like it aren’t you whore? You’re not gonna act all pure
and lily-white like you’ve never been there.”

“There’s no point is there.” I conceded with a coy smile. “I’ve admitted
I do it and enjoy it so don’t worry, if you fuck me well, you’ll know,
provided you don’t stuff your jocks back in my mouth.”

“Sheeeit!” He laughed through half a mouthful. “You ain’t half a
confident little cunt are you?”

“I guess we’ll see.” I replied earnestly. “And I haven’t forgotten
you’re in charge.”

“Smart move, but I’m still going to tie you up first.”

“You’re the boss.” I replied, squirming again as my butt twitched
expectantly. Something told me has wasn’t just participating in my
fantasy he may be immersed deeper than I, which opened a whole new world
of possibilities!

We finished eating and I cleared the dishes in case he planned fucking
me on the table, but he pushed back his chair, took me firmly by the arm
and led me upstairs.

In the bedroom he put a couple of pillows in the middle of the bed.
“That should get your butt at the right height. Face down on the bed
bitch, and lie still while I get some things to make sure you don’t try
to chicken out on me.” I lay down while he made another trip to the
drawer, stretching my arms out as he cinched a strap around each wrist
and secured them to the bedposts. My ankles were next and I was face
down, spread-eagled when he wrenched my face up with a handful of hair.

He was stroking his cock with a lascivious smile. “Get me hard and wet
slut, and the harder the better if you know what’s good for you!”

My lips spread, willing him to drive his burgeoning cock deep into my
throat, which he proved happy to do. Knowing how good he’d feel deep in
my butt I didn’t suck or lick it, I devoured it, sucking furiously as my
tongue slid rapidly over every bump and hollow. A long growl encouraged
me, not that I needed it, as I was more than ready to have the plug torn
out and replaced with a rock-hard length of fuck-meat.

He pulled back and I whimpered, before he slapped my face as he thrust
his glans past the entrance to my throat. Despite not being able to
breathe, my tongue continued to tease and explore until he pulled back
and I sucked a breath, before he thrust forward again. He settled into a
decadent rhythm where his glans would push deep into my throat, hold for
a while, then pull back to allow a quick breath before he slammed
forward again.

I felt him change position so I sucked harder, determined to hold on
until he was ready to tear my ass open. His firm hand brushed my butt
and I felt pressure on the plug, twisting inside as he worked to pull it
free. My butt didn’t make it easy as I’d been plugged for some time and
my sphincter had locked around the thin shaft, but he increased pressure
until I felt my butt gape when it slid free. Now all I needed was a
thick muscular cock to take its place.

I heard the lube cap snap open and his hand working the viscous liquid
over his weapon, then the bed dipped as he knelt between my legs. “Time
to get down and dirty cunt, you ready for a serious butt-fucking?”

“Yes, oh God YES!” I shrieked as his slippery head rubbed against my
half-open hole.

With one powerful lunge he entered me, and I enjoyed every inch of the
decadent stretching as my body opened in surrender. “Fuck yeah, this ass
is built for fucking. Loose enough to slide my cock in, tight enough to
give a good grip. I’ll bet your kid blows buckets when he bangs your butt!”

“You have no idea.” I hissed. “Let’s see how hard you cum!”

My cheeky response saw my head jerk back when he grabbed my hair and I
squealed in pain, though that soon passed when I realized he was using
his firm grip to impale me on his throbbing shaft. My fantasy anal-rape
was having a strange effect on my body, as my sphincter kept clamping
down on his cock despite my efforts to relax and encourage deeper
penetration. Kyle either didn’t mind or notice, as kept fucking me
firmly as my pussy started oozing.

“This is what you want isn’t it, you sick slut. Your cunt’s so wet
you’re soaking my balls! Admit it, a dirty fuck gets you off, and the
dirtier the better.”

He wrenched my hair painfully. “Yes.” I gasped. “OH GOD, YES! This makes
me cum every time, and soooo hard!” No sooner had the words left my lips
than I came, a powerful spray bursting from my pussy and spattering over
his skin. “Keep fucking me like this and I’ll keep cumming!”

Too easy cunt, too fucking easy!” He slammed into me again, threating to
crash my face into the bed-head despite the secure ties. My brain
switched modes, going from the imaginary captive to thoughtful woman as
I realized I loved my son, but was hopelessly in lust with his cock.
Every aspect was perfect, his length, glorious thickness, and the
incredible hardness of youth. He was a virtuoso and my body was his
instrument, and didn’t he know how to play!

“Sweet Jesus!” I cried. “Rape my filthy butt, fuck that ass and don’t
ever stop. This is fucking unbelievable!”

He crouched down until his sweating chest lay on my back, still fucking
as he reached down to give my nipples a crushing squeeze. “Oh fuck,
that’s so good.” I groaned. “Crush them, tear them off, ARRGGGHHHH!”
Another gushing spray flew from my dripping cunt, then another, and I
was a drooling, incoherent fuck-toy.

My nipples were subject to exquisite torture and I prayed this would
never end, but I felt his pace quicken and knew he was going to fill my
quivering butt, and I was so ready to take it all.

“Fucking hell bitch, you’re sucking the cum outta my cock! HERE…
IT…..COMES!” With one violent push he drove deeper than he had ever been
and unloaded, soothing the walls of my ravaged ass with one powerful
spray after another. I came with him, my body surrendering to the waves
of his orgasm, pumping cum from one hole while he filled the other.

His weight crushed what little breath I had from my lungs, completely
and blissfully spent. I wondered if this was the most intense climax
ever as my body shivered and shook uncontrollably.

He was so deep it took some time for his softening cock to slide free,
leaving me gaping again as a thick trail of cream slid slowly down to
tease my saturated pussy. With a soft groan he rolled onto his back and
I watched his chest rise and fall, both resting in the afterglow of
hedonistic indulgence.

Finally his eyes opened and he looked over. “That was one epic fuck,
bitch. You’ve got a body built for sin, and an attitude to match.”

My brain was scrambled and found it difficult to stay in character. “For
someone who broke into my house, you’re not bad yourself!” I
complimented. “Does this mean you’ll let me go now?”

He laughed heartily. “Shit no, shit being the operative word! Did you
forget what I said you had to do after I fucked your tight little ass?”

I hadn’t and did my best to look concerned. “I hadn’t forgotten, I just
thought because I didn’t resist or scream, maybe you’d let that slide.”

“As if.” He leered, moving closer to wrap his hand in my long hair. “A
promise is a promise, so get busy and clean up the fucking mess you made
of my wang!”

With the benefit of previous experience I knew ass-to-mouth wasn’t
unpleasant, in fact it was a turn-on knowing I could do what so many
others would find disgusting, so I locked my eyes on his and opened
wide. He shuffled forward and placed his soiled glans on my tongue,
allowing me to tongue-bathe it thoroughly before stuffing his soft cock
in my mouth. My lips locked around him and I slowly worked over and
around his shaft as he held my head up, moaning in appreciation.

My slow movements allowed me to clean him for several minutes until he
pulled back and admired my handiwork. “Not bad cunt, not bad at all. I
think that’s the best after-ass cleanup I’ve ever had.”

I was happy he was satisfied, but my bladder was demanding release.
“That’s great but….do you think you could untie me please? I need to pee
real bad.”

“Me too.” He agreed simply, moving around the bed releasing the ties. I
stood unsteadily, trying to get some feeling back in my legs until the
urge to pee became too strong. He followed me into the bathroom,
grabbing my wrist as I went to sit on the toilet.

“In the bath cunt.” He snapped so I hurried to step in. “Lie back.” He
instructed as he stepped into the other end, and I had an idea what was
coming. “Now, piss!”

Despite my pressing need it was difficult to urinate with someone
watching, but finally a few stuttering sprays preceded a desperately
welcome release. He watched me intently, my golden pee pooling around
his feet before disappearing down the drain while he stood with an easy
grip on his cock. My eyes closed in relief before I felt warm piss spray
across my tits and run down my stomach, my eyes blinking open as he
raised his aim to my neck, and then my face. His need to pee matched
mine as his stream grew stronger, arching across my face, my forehead,
and saturating my hair. My first golden shower was a kinky delight as
rivers of piss ran down my body until my skin glistened in the light. A
salty aroma filled the room and still he kept showering me until a
trembling cum rippled through my pussy.

When we finished he stepped into the shower and soaped his firm body
before rinsing it clean, which looked somewhat bizarre as he was still
wearing the balaclava. He stepped out a toweled dry, giving me an
intense look. “Fun’s done cunt, give it fifteen minutes before you call
the cops and I’ll know if you do it early. They won’t catch me, but I’ll
be close enough to hear sirens and if I do I’m coming back to pay you
another visit. This time I might bring some friends who’d have a great
time with a hot slut like you.”

I returned his look with one of defiance, thrust my dripping tits out
and put my hands on my hips. “Go get your cell.” I spat, seeing a
wondering look on his face. “Go on, get it. I won’t move before you get
back.”

He shrugged and walked out, coming back half-dressed with his phone.
“Give it to me, please.”

He handed it over and I pretended to enter a new contact before handing
it back. “I’m not calling the Police and I’ve put my number in. Next
time you want to come over, give me a couple of days’ notice. I’ll
arrange a sleepover for my son so we’ll have the house to ourselves.”

He whistled in surprise. “You are one crazy cunt but ok, I’ll give you a
call.”

“You do that, and my name is Beth when you’re ready for another visit.”

“Ok butt-slut Beth, I’m outta here.” He turned and I waited until I
heard the front door close, then moved into the shower to rinse the piss
from my body and hair. I wondered if I should shower properly before
realizing he would be back soon, at least I hoped he would be.

I went downstairs and poured a glass of wine, my sense of lust satisfied
as I wondered how someone so young could fulfil my long-held desires so
capably. The door opened and Kyle called out “Mom, I’m home!” and I
rushed to meet him, throwing my arms around his neck as I kissed him
passionately.

“That so amazing honey, thank you so much! Just…..incredible,
unbelievable, and every other adjective you want to throw in. I am so
happy, that was fucking awesome!”

He had the good grace to give me a sheepish grin. “You seemed to have a
good time, but I wasn’t sure how you’d go with the shower.”

“It was so intense.” I gushed happily. “Kind of crazy but such a turn-
on, I actually had a little cum when you pissed on me!”

We talked for some time, and I kept gushing about how convincing his
character was until he stood and yawned. “I’m beat Mom so I’m going to
bed, it must be late.”

I was feeling tired too, so I stood and turned off the light. “Me too.
Don’t know if I can sleep because I’m still floating, but we’ll see!”

We went upstairs and he turned just past my door. “Oh, I forgot to tell
you. Chris and Jim are coming over after lunch tomorrow. They think
we’re going to watch football, I think you might tick that other box.”
He grinned widely and went to his room, leaving me frozen in the hall.

I woke the next morning feeling refreshed and envigorated, my senses
acutely receptive. I had a few minor aches and pains, particularly my
nipples from the biting sting of the clips, but overall I was still in a
state of post-euphoric bliss. My wonderful lover had exceeded my wildest
expectations and I still had the day for more indulgent pleasure, it was
going to be hard getting back to the regular grind tomorrow!

I stepped into the hall to see if Kyle was awake but his door was closed
so I decided to shower and wash my hair, at least until I walked into my
bathroom. It smelled rank, like an outdoor public toilet on a hot
summer’s day, no question that was my first chore. I pulled out the
cleaning kit and spent almost an hour scrubbing the bath, shower, tiles
and vanity until they were spotless, finishing with plenty of air
freshener until it smelled fresh and clean.

I stripped the bed and changed the linen, then found the carpet cleaner
and scrubbed away the crusty cum from last night. Satisfied I’d taken
care of everything I enjoyed a long hot shower, washing my hair before
thoroughly cleaning my body. My pussy and butt were full of crusty cum
but soon I felt as clean as the bathroom, so I dried my hair and put
casual house clothes on.

Kyle poked his head in just as I was finishing. “Morning Mom. Man, I
slept like a log. I reckon I would have slept through an earthquake!”

I walked over and gave him a long, tender kiss. “That makes two of us
honey, I must have been really tired.” I winked.

“Any chance of breakfast? I’m so freaking hungry!”

“Well we can’t have that.” I laughed. “Let’s go and see what we’ve got.”

I cooked a huge breakfast while Kyle set the table and poured juice, and
we ate hungrily until our bellies were full. I brewed coffee while Kyle
had another juice.

“What time are your friends coming over honey?”

“Round one, the game starts at two.” He replied easily.

“Do I need to go the mall? Are we making lunch?”

“They’ll eat before they come over, maybe just some hot dogs, snacks and
drinks?”

“Ok, I’ll need to make a quick trip to the mall, do you want to come?”

“Sure.” He surprisingly agreed. “Nothing better to do.”

“Great! That will help get me back faster, then I can get ready. I’m so
looking forward to this but, are you really sure they won’t go to school
tomorrow and start bragging they fucked your Mom?”

He leaned back and gave me a reassuring smile. “Relax Mom, I’ve got it
covered.”

“Ok, if they’re coming at one we should get going.”

We hit the mall and didn’t waste time, picking up what we needed before
Kyle suggested we get some beers. “Do you think that’s a good idea?” I
questioned. “I’d hate to take a call from a mother angry her son came
home drunk.”

“Just a couple of beers Mom, and I’ll make sure they don’t drink too much.”

“Oh WTF, ok. We’ll swing buy the liquor store.”

We got home and I unpacked the groceries while Kyle put the drinks in
the fridge, then he walked behind me, wrapped his arms around my waist
and pulled me back, grinding his groin against my butt. “Time you got
ready.” He said simply.

“Sure, what do you want me to wear? I’ll have to have something on when
your friends are dropped off, but I’m, guessing you’ll want me to change
after their parents have gone.”

“Let’s go upstairs and I’ll pick something.”

He led the way and instructed me to strip, bending me forward over the
bed while he went to the toy drawer. He found the plug and lube,
dribbling a thick bead on the top of my butt crack before sliding the
slippery fluid over and inside my tight entry.

“You need to be stretched before the fun starts, everyone rags Chris
about the size of his cock.” He said before easing the bulbous head
inside, my pussy already wet at the prospect of a cock larger than
Kyle’s taking its place. I stayed motionless while he went through the
wardrobe, finally picking a short wrap-around skirt and the spaghetti-
strap top I had cut-down so it displayed the bottom of my tits. “This
should get their attention, you can put something over it or change as
soon as they’re here.”

“Ok honey, and good choice!” I grinned. There was no doubt jaws would
drop when I walked in wearing an outfit that left so little to their
imagination.

He left me to dress and I tried on my outfit, along with the obligatory
heels, then I sat at the dresser and applied my makeup. My initial
thought was to go for a truly slutty look but the boys’ parents were
unlikely to approve so I toned it down. Besides, once the action started
it would be messed-up in no time. Satisfied with my look I found a
suitable dress that went over my revealing clothing and I was ready, in
fact more than ready if my dribbling pussy was any guide. I went
downstairs and found Kyle in the living room.

“Ready to rock?” He asked with a lascivious grin.

“As ready as I’ll ever be.” I grinned back. “I can’t believe how wet I am!”

He walked over and slid a finger up my thigh until he reached my
steaming cunt. “Yep, that’s what I call ready.”

“So, how’s this going to go?” I asked breathlessly.

“You can answer the door and show them in, then go wait in the kitchen.
When they’re both here you can lose the dress, and I’ll call you to
bring some drinks and we’ll take it from there.”

I nodded in agreement and sat to wait, trying to concentrate on the pre-
game TV commentary while my body wanted something totally different. The
doorbell rang and I opened it, seeing Chris and his father at the door.
We exchanged the usual pleasantries before I showed Chris inside,
heading to the kitchen to get a few things ready. Ten minutes later the
bell chimed again and I went to greet Jim and his mother. After leading
him in it was back to the kitchen to wait for Kyle’s summons, so nervous
my legs were trembling until I sat on a stool.

I could hear the boys laughing and carrying on like regular teenagers,
talking about the game and who was likely to win. I slid my dress off
and fussed over a bowl of snacks, desperate for my nervous wait to end.

How would this go? I had no idea! Sure, they were horny teenage boys
who’d jump at the chance to slide their virile cocks into a sweet
teenage pussy, but would the thought of having sex with their friend’s
mother turn them off and see them run for the door? It was the worst
form of torture.

Finally Kyle called out. “Mom, can you bring some drinks please?”

“Coming right up honey!” I called back with a nervous tremor in my
voice, standing with my body racked by tension as I picked up a tray and
put three bottles of beer and the snacks on it, and walked in.

At first there was no reaction as they were watching the screen and
chatting away, so I walked in front blocking their vision, sat the tray
on the coffee table, and watched their jaws drop when they noticed my
slutty appearance.

“What the fuck?” Chris gasped in amazement. “Oh shit, sorry Mrs Bailey.
it’s just…..I gotta say that’s some outfit you’re wearing!”

I smiled down at him. “I wear what Kyle tells me to, in fact I do
whatever he says as he’s the man of the house. And I do mean whatever.”

Jim gulped so loudly we heard it as his head snapped around to Kyle.
“What’s going on bro? You know I always thought your mom was a hot MILF,
but this is kinda weird!”

Kyle was the master of the pregnant pause as he opened a beer and took a
long sip. “It’s like this. What Mom says is true and if you think she’s
a hot MILF, you have no idea what a great fuck she is.” His enthusiastic
praise had me blushing in delight. “She has a fantasy of fucking three
guys, one in her mouth, one in her cunt, and one in her tight little
ass. Bend over and show the guys Mom.” I faced the TV and bent forward
so my tiny skirt rode up, then pulled my cheeks apart to display my
plugged butt. “So, we can either watch the game, or fuck her until we
can’t get it up anymore. What do you want to do?”

Jim gulped again. “Man, are you fucking serious? The three of us…..gang-
banging your Mom?”

“That’s the plan.” He grinned. “Or would you rather watch the game?”

“Fuck that, I’m in!” He enthused as three pairs of eyes turned to Chris.

“I’m sure I’m fucking dreaming but I never want to wake up, count me in!”

“Ok.” Kyle grinned at me. “Give me your phones fellas. It’s nothing
personal, but Mom and I agreed we won’t do this unless we were sure
there’ll be no happy snaps or video to worry about. And it goes without
saying if a word of this ever gets out I’ll hear about it, and I won’t
care who couldn’t keep their trap shut, neither of you will ever be
invited back, capiche?”

Two phones were handed over in a heartbeat with emphatic agreement to
Kyle’s conditions.

“I’ll never breathe a word and that’s a promise!” Chris assured us.

“Me either!” Jim added.

My nerves were screaming but somehow I suppressed them and smiled. “Time
you studs got naked and showed me what you’ve got.” I suggested as I
knelt on the floor.

Clothes were thrown in all directions and I salivated looking at three
muscular, toned bodies with impressive cocks growing rapidly. Chris’s
cock was indeed larger than Kyle’s and must have been close to nine
inches which had my pussy quivering in anticipation, while Jim’s was
smaller but still impressive, this was going to be an unforgettable day!

They stood around me with Kyle in the centre, so I started jacking Chris
and Jim before taking Kyle’s gorgeous fuck-meat in my mouth. I was
deliriously happy as both my fantasies were going to be fulfilled in one
weekend!

I moved from one to the other, a hard dripping cock in each hand and
another between my lips, exploring different sizes and textures as I
tried to give each boy equal tongue-time. Chris’s cock was exquisite,
filling my mouth to the point I wished he would jam it into my throat
and pump buckets of scalding cum into my stomach. Jim’s was unique as it
twitched firmly every time my tongue grazed his glans, something I did
often. Each drooled copious amounts or warm precum which spurred me to
suck harder.

“This bitch gets off on dirty talk guys.” Kyle assured his friends. “So
don’t be shy to tell her how she’s doing or what you want. Having fun
cunt? How’s it feel having three hard cocks to play with?”

I allowed Jim’s rigid shaft to slip from my oral embrace. “It feels
fucking fantastic honey, I’m going to have come up with a great way to
thank you for this!”

“I’m sure you’ll think of something, now get your slut-mouth back to
sucking and make it fucking good. Fellas, unless you’ve got a better
idea I’m thinking we dump our first loads all over this whore’s face!”

I shivered at the prospect of three huge loads spraying over me and
impaled my face on Jim’s shaft. I sucked him furiously with my tongue in
constant motion, slithering over his shaft and wrapping around his
dribbling purple head.

“Fucking hell, what a mouth!” He cried out. “Suck it bitch, suck it hard
and deep and I’ll give you a fucking epic load.”

I was jacking Chris and Kyle firmly, my hands slick with greasy precum
when Chris laughed heartily. “This slut sure is something and Kyle, I’m
so fucking jealous you get to fuck her whenever you want!”

“Nothing like hot cunt on tap!” Kyle agreed.

“Shit, can’t hold back!” Jim cried out, his hands roughly gripping my
head as he fucked my face. “Gonna……cum……any second!” He gasped before
pulling back, jacking his rock-hard cock at blistering speed until I saw
his piss-hole flare. His first spray rocked me back as he laid a thick
stripe across my forehead, a second across my closed eyes, and another
from cheek to cheek. I leaned forward and blinked my eyes open, parting
my lips inviting him to pump some seed into my willing mouth. His next
spurt just missed, leaving a trail on my upper lip, before he found the
target and pumped the rest of his creamy juice into my mouth until it
was dribbling down my chin.

He stumbled back to collapse on the couch so I attacked Chris’s
impressively thick tool, desperate for another load. With one hand still
jacking Kyle I devoured his friend, rocking forward to take his
amazingly thick cockhead into my throat. I half-gagged the first time
but that only made me more determined, so I took a deep breath and
pushed forward again. After a few seconds I knew I could take him, but
any self-congratulation was blown away by my desperate need.

My tongue was all over his shaft and my free hand hefted his balls,
causing me to shiver when I felt their heavy weight. When he came, it
was going to be a monster load!

“Un-fucking-believable!” He yelled. “This bitch is deep-throating me.
I’ve never had anyone who could take it all!”

Kyle laughed. “Then show your appreciation by giving her a face-full!”

“No problem man, no fucking problem!” His large hands gripped my head as
he fed me his cock so I held still, allowing him to fuck deep into my
throat, before pulling back so I could snatch a quick breath. “Suck it
cunt, keeping sucking it like that and I’m gonna cum so hard you’ll
never wash it all off. Fucking epic head!”

My throat had stretched enough to take him, and allowing regular breaths
made me comfortable I could take his throat-fucking for as long as he
wanted, which wasn’t long. I felt his glans twitch in my throat so I
gently massaged his balls.

“Yeah slut, fucking amazing mouth! Getting close now!” He cried out.

I was starting to think he was going to dump his load down my throat, a
prospect that didn’t worry me in the slightest, when he stepped back to
jack himself off and leered down at me. “Hope you like the color white
you cock-sucker, ‘cause that’s what I’m gonna paint your face
right…..about….. now!”

Again I leaned forward and opened my mouth and he didn’t disappoint,
when he came it was like a fire hydrant! In seconds I had cum in my
hair, on my eyebrows and running down my face. I had no idea when he
last came but he had so much, dropping his aim to fill my mouth even
more than Jim had. I held still and made no attempt to swallow, which
would have been pointless as there was no way I could keep up, I simply
allowed the excess to dribble down. My skimpy top was saturated and I
savored the feeling of wet patches on my tits. When he was done he
didn’t collapse as Jim had, he stayed on his feet in front of me.

“Open wide cunt, you should clean my cock before I fuck you again!” He
sniggered and I swallowed quickly, still stroking Kyle’s hard cock.

Satisfied I’d given him a thorough cleaning Chris stepped back, which
left Kyle to go in the first round. Surprisingly he didn’t feed me his
cock, but lifted me to my feet. “Lose the clothes but keep the heels
bitch, you’re a fucking mess!” He snapped.

As I was the only one who wasn’t naked I hurriedly slid the cum-covered
top off before unwrapping my tiny skirt and tossing it across the floor.
“Bend forward and put your hands on the coffee table cunt.”

I moved into place and watched him take a sip of beer before he walked
behind me. His hand pawed my butt before gripping the plug, twisting it
as he pulled it free. “If you’re gonna take Chris’s monster I’d better
loosen you up first.”

“Oh yes please!” I gasped in delight.

Jim and Chris were still recovering and hurried round to watch as Kyle
slid his slick glans up and down my butt-crack, lubing my puckered
rosebud. The game had started but nobody was watching and I was excited
being the center of attention. He pushed forward until his purple head
slid inside, giving me time to stretch and get ready to take the rest of
his hard rod.

“Sweet Jesus.” Jim said softly. “The only place I’ve seen anal is in
porn, and now I’m watching it for real! Hey Chris, you ever had your
boner up a chick’s ass?”

“Only once Bro, and she screamed so hard you’d have thought I’d split
her in half. Needless to say I backed out in a hurry ‘cause I thought
someone would call the cops!”

Kyle started fucking me gently while his friends watched my butt-hole
stretch out as he pulled back and fold in when he pushed forward.
“Chris, if you want a piece of this ass, I don’t see you having that
problem today.” He laughed loudly.

“Epic, fucking epic.” Chris breathed heavily.

“Get ‘em hard boys.” I added huskily. “I love a hard cock in my butt so
someone better be ready when Kyle’s shot his load!”

Kyle seemed to enjoy performing for an audience as much as I did and
increased the tempo, pushing deeper with every thrust until his loaded
balls slapped against my wet cunt.

“Oh God.” I groaned. “That feels so good baby, give me a great butt-
fuck, I need it so bad!”

“No problem cunt, no problem at all.” He replied. “Who wants this hole
next?”

Chris was the first to speak, or laugh more accurately. “I’m up.” He
chuckled. “I swore I’d never go sloppy-seconds and now I’m tapping your
shoulder saying hurry the fuck up!”

“Just don’t wear that sweet ass out.” Jim chimed in. “I’ll go super-
sloppy thirds!”

I glanced around and saw both boys casually stroking their cocks, which
were close to hard already! I closed my eyes and focused on my son’s
perfect fucking. This was so wrong in more ways than I could count and I
didn’t give a fuck, I was made to be treated like this and it was
perfect. I was Kyle’s slut, his cum-bucket to fuck whenever and however
he wanted, and every time he seemed to read me better, knowing just how
to push the right buttons. He could piss on me, slap me around and share
me with his friends and I would take whatever he gave me.

My ass had completely relaxed and he was fucking me easily, his hard
cock driving deep in my back door and greasing the way with his pre-cum.
His hands gripped my cheeks and wrenched them apart, giving his friends
an even better view of our hedonistic behavior. My body was on fire, my
breathing heavy as tiny sparks coursed through me.

“So good baby, so fucking good, getting close now.” I breathed heavily,
every ridge and bump on his shaft triggering my senses until I shook as
cum gushed from my quivering cunt. He kept fucking me and I kept coming,
my juices forming a growing pool on the floor.

I sensed his cock grow thicker before he grabbed my hair and pulled me
back hard, impaling me even deeper. “First load coming butt-slut!” He
growled as his cock sprayed long and hard, unleashing a torrent of sweet
fuck juice deep in my thoroughly stretched butt. That sent me over the
edge and jizz exploded from my empty cunt. The wonderful scent of
lustful fucking wafted up so I sucked it deep into my lungs as his cock
slowly softened.

He pulled back and walked over for another sip of beer as I stayed bent
over the coffee table with cum oozing from both holes. “Jim, lie down on
the floor.” Kyle told his friend who hurried into position. “Now whore,
straddle him and slide his cock in your cunt.” Was this when I finally
fulfilled my fantasy? My God, I hoped so and knelt over Jim, stuffing
his impressive cock deep into my waiting pussy. “Ok Chris, you know
where you’re going.”

“Betcha fucking life buddy!” Chris replied happily, kneeling behind me
and sliding his cock-head over my still gaping butt before he eased his
massive head inside.

“God, it’s fucking huge!” I gasped. “Take it easy big boy, ok? Work it
in there nice and easy because I need to stretch to take you both.”

He gave my butt a playful slap. “Too easy, but I’m not pulling out until
I’ve shot my load!”

“I wouldn’t have it any other way.” I breathlessly assured him, feeling
him pull back a fraction before driving forward and forcing another inch
inside. The feeling was so intense it was impossible to describe, I had
a sizeable cock in my cunt and an even larger one working deep into my
butt. Jim’s cock was stretching my pussy which made my ass feel
incredibly tight, but I had wanted this for so long I wasn’t going to be
denied. I breathed deeply, willing my body to relax while Chris
continued thrusting. I was lucky he was a considerate lover as he
patiently worked with me, feeling my hole open slowly allowing more of
his cock inside.

Jim groaned below me. “Man, this feel so weird. I can actually feel your
cock working in there!”

“I know.” Chris agreed. “We’ve both got decent wangs, I can’t believe a
tiny bitch like this can take us both!”

In the meantime Kyle had moved and was standing in front of me. “Guess
what happens next slut?”

“I get to….clean your cock….with my mouth.” I managed to stammer in time
with Chris’s forceful thrusts.

“And you get a gold star.” He sneered, driving his soiled cock past my
lips where my willful tongue started cleaning him.

“Ass to mouth?” Jim gasped looking up in shock. “I thought that only
happened in porn? Nobody does that for real, I mean, there’s gotta be
little bits of shit on it!”

“There is, and this slut does it.” Kyle replied with a knowing grin.

“Well, fuck meeeeee.” Jim groaned.

“Chris, how you going back there buddy?” Kyle asked.

“Bout halfway man.” He replied. Halfway? I couldn’t believe it as my
butt already felt fuller than ever before.

“Keep going.” Kyle told him. “This whore isn’t gonna complain with a
mouthful of butt-fuck cock.”

“Ain’t that the truth!” Chris laughed, driving another inch into my
stuffed ass.

Finally Chris announced I’d taken his full length, something I already
knew when his balls slapped my thighs. I was helpless, unable to move
impaled on two rigid teenage cocks, but nature took its course and Jim
started thrusting which Chris picked-up on, matching his friend’s
movements as they fucked me in time.

I was in heaven with Kyle’s semi-hard cock in my mouth, Jim’s long shaft
in my cunt and Chris’s monster deep in my ass. I had never been so
thoroughly used and would have been happy if time really did stand still.

“Enjoying yourself slut?” Kyle read my mind and cupped my chin to lift
my head. As I couldn’t speak I moaned loudly and gave him a lascivious
wink. This was way beyond enjoyable.

Jim and Chris had a steady rhythm going and were fucking me senseless,
two cocks driving in and out in perfect harmony. A stream of drool slid
from my mouth and dripped down onto Jim’s face, something I should
apologise for later though I doubted he’d worry too much. My stifled
grunts teased Kyle’s cock every time Chris hit bottom, literally, as I
doubted I could take a half-inch more.

I didn’t know how much more I could take as my senses were overloaded,
not that I had any choice as I would continue to be fucked until I had
taken two strong loads, and a third was likely as Kyle’s cock grew
harder in my slutty mouth.

Chris was the first to lose control. “Fuck! CUMMIIINNNGGGG!” He cried
out as rivers of cum pumped deep inside my clenching butt.

“Ahh Shit!” Jim groaned. “Me too!” His cock grew fatter and suddenly he
was gushing cum into my slippery cunt while Chris continued shooting.

My body succumbed and took me over the edge, flooding my already full
pussy as I bathed Jim’s pulsing cock.

I had been thoroughly fucked and just wanted to collapse, but Kyle was
fucking my face with ruthless determination, seemingly spurred on by his
friend’s release.

“Yeah. Oh yeah! Swallow this bitch!” He bellowed as he shot a solid wad
into my mouth. I kept sucking and swallowing, desperate to have his
soothing cream pour down my throat and quench my burning thirst. Streams
of cum threatened to overwhelm me as I struggled to keep up, but somehow
I did until his pumping cock stuttered and finally stopped.

A period of silence followed as we savored the bliss of our hedonistic
behavior and our bodies sought a level of normality. The cocks in my
ass, cunt and mouth softened to the whispers of deep breathing, until
Chris slipped free before Jim followed, leaving me reamed and creamed.

Kyle pulled free and disappeared from sight, and I found the strength to
lift my body off Jim’s and roll over to lie flat on the floor. My first
triple-fuck had exceeded my wildest dreams and a satisfied grin assured
my teenage lovers it had been brilliant, not that they were looking in
their current state! I have no idea how much time passed and it was
irrelevant anyway, the peace only broken by the TV commentary on the
forgotten game.

Jim was the first to find his voice. “Man, that was the best fuck ever.”
He groaned. “Kyle, I am so fucking jealous buddy, you Mom is so freaking
hot!”

“Too true man.” Chris agreed. “I’ll never look at my Mom the same way
after that, wishing she was like yours!”

Kyle laughed heartily. “No regrets about handing over your phones now
guys?” To which he received positive replies. “Take a breather and let’s
see what’s happening in the game. If you can get it up again, no reason
why you can’t take another shot.”

“No fucking problem.” Jim breathed heavily. “I want a piece of that
smokin’-hot ass and I don’t care who’s been there before!”

I grinned in salacious anticipation, as I had been wondering if the boys
were done after two massive cums each. My body tingled knowing the fun
wasn’t over by a long shot! We took a half-hour break and the boys
caught up with the game while I sat on the floor recovering, drinking
plenty of fluid in an attempt to rehydrate. I drifted away, my mind
luxuriating in blissful replays of how I’d been used until I sensed
someone standing close.

Chris appeared in my vision with a beer in his hand, grinning down at
me. “You are one amazing fuck, how about you clean your butt off my wang
while Jimmy-boy sucks on a cup of concrete and hardens up?”

I grinned as he knelt down. “That’s what I’m here for stud, give me a
mouthful of that butt-fucker!”

He pushed forward and my lips parted as my wicked tongue got to it. His
cock may have been soft but was still impressively thick, leaving just
enough room for my tongue to slide around his bulbous head and down his
shaft. I took my time, paying oral homage to the instrument that had
fucked me so capably, bathing, cleaning, caressing and sucking until I
felt his shaft start growing. I sucked harder, flicking my tongue over
his purple crown until he rewarded me with a satisfied groan.

“Jeesssuuusss, this bitch never quits. She’s sucking the skin off my cock!”

I felt someone lifting my legs and breaking my lip-lock on Chris’s cock
until they lay over a pair of shoulders. “Hey Kyle, chuck me a cushion
will ya?” Jim called out.

Firm hands burrowed under my butt, lifting it to slide the cushion under
before Jim laughed loudly. “Man, this slut’s got cum leaking from every
fuck-hole she’s got. Hope she can take another load in her hot little butt!”

“One way to find out.” Kyle chuckled simply as Jim’s recovering cock
slid over my back door.

After Chris’s monster had fucked deep in my butt taking Jim wouldn’t be
a problem, and so it proved when he pushed forward and slid all the way in.

“Oh God, I love having my ass stuffed with cock!” I managed to groan.

“I think we get that.” Jim laughed as he started fucking my loose,
slippery hole while my open mouth welcomed Chris’s cock back.

Having given me two wonderful loads each both boys had remarkable
staying power, fucking me steadily until I was shivering through one
orgasm after another. I have no idea how I managed to keep Chris’s cock
locked between my lips, as Jim was steadily fucking my ravaged ass with
a cock as hard as if it was his first of the day. Kyle told me later my
eyes were closed with a blissful expression on my face, though I have no
idea how he saw that with a thick cock fucking my mouth.

I heard Jim groan before he shot his load deep in my soiled butt, then
Chris gasped he was cumming before spraying a steady stream into my
waiting mouth. I did my best to suck Chris clean but I was done,
collapsing on the floor so comprehensively fucked I wasn’t sure I could
stand, and if anyone had another load for me it would have been like
fucking a blow-up doll. Kyle had exceeded my wildest dreams and I looked
forward to showing my gratitude, just not today!

I lay there for some time and heard Kyle suggest the boys have a quick
shower and get dressed before their parents arrived. He slid my heels
off, helped me stand and took me up to my bathroom, turned on the taps
and pushed me under the soothing spray. The warm water partially
invigorated me, at least to the point I felt I could stay on my feet, so
I washed the cum from my hair and spent some time cleaning copious
amounts from my pussy and butt.

By the time I dried my hair, dressed and went back downstairs the game
was over and the boys were sitting on the couch as if it was a typical
Sunday afternoon get-together. I made a strong coffee and drained it in
minutes, deciding I needed a second hit of caffeine to prevent me going
to sleep as soon as I sat down.

Chris walked over and gave a tender kiss, his eyes gleaming. “Mrs
Bailey, you are so amazing I doubt I’ll ever meet a girl like you, but
that won’t stop me looking, ‘cause if she’s out there I gotta find her!
I’ll always remember today, and I’ll never say a word and that’s a
promise.” He laughed heartily. “Hell, nobody would be believe me anyway,
they’d just say I was full of shit!”

Jim followed him over and took my hand. “You are the hottest woman I’ve
ever met and my lips are sealed too. I don’t know if this was one-time
thing, but if you ever decide to do this again Kyle has my number, and
I’ll be over before he hits the end-call button!” He turned to face
Kyle. “And I’ll tell you to your face, I’m so fucking jealous I hate
your guts!” He grinned.

Kyle sat back and smiled at his friends. “It’s been kinda wild but fuck,
what a day! Hey, who won the game?”

“Who gives a shit?” Chris laughed as the doorbell rang.

I was still blushing at their effusive praise as I opened to door to see
both boys’ parents standing there. They thanked me again before walking
down the drive and finally Kyle and I were alone.

I poured two glasses of wine and collapsed onto the couch. “I am so
totally fucked I don’t think I can move.” I groaned.

Kyle was still grinning. “So, how was your first triple Mom?”

I smiled, put my glass down, and found the energy to kneel with my hands
behind my back in a gesture of complete submission.

“There are no words honey, nothing can describe how good this has been
and how happy I am. I love you and I am yours, you own me completely, my
body belongs to you. Now you really know you can fuck me however you
want, or tell me who to fuck. We have done so much I’m not sure how much
further we can go, but I’ll never forget this weekend and I hope you can
think of other things we can try.”

He sat back and smiled. “We ticked a few boxes but I do have some
thoughts. I think we need to expand your collection of toys, and do you
think we’d have the money to turn one of the spare rooms into dungeon?”

My eyes flared and my mind raced at the possibilities. “If you can come
up with a cost estimate I’ll find a way to make it happen honey!”

“Cool, and I think we should get a dog. A big, male dog.”

THE END
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Read 208962 times | Rated 94.9 % | (532 votes
<javascript:showhideVotesDiv()>) Vote list (Close
<javascript:showhideVotesDiv()>) :
X-MAN215 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile133946/X-MAN215> : POSITIVE
Diver1000 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1359413/Diver1000> : POSITIVE
TheDevilsOwn <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1449989/TheDevilsOwn> :
POSITIVE
acuriousguy2 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1448682/acuriousguy2> :
POSITIVE
Daddydick89 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1258654/Daddydick89> :
POSITIVE
big77bubba <https://www.sexstories.com/profile787408/big77bubba> : POSITIVE
Spanks-a-lot <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1621063/Spanks-a-lot> :
POSITIVE
RicanLady <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1150234/RicanLady> : POSITIVE
misterjedi <https://www.sexstories.com/profile896318/misterjedi> : POSITIVE
Please rate this text:
   
4 comments
« <javascript:getCommentsPerPage(0, 'comments')>1
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(0, 'comments')>»
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(0, 'comments')>


        Russell Fultz <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1445281/>Report
        <javascript:report(1288077, 'comment')> 

2021-05-20 01:20:01
Great story looking forward to the next chapter, and thank you.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        DiscipleN <https://www.sexstories.com/profile741893/>Report
        <javascript:report(1287909, 'comment')> 

2021-05-11 23:33:39
I really enjoyed the story. Keep writing!
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        doorstopper <https://www.sexstories.com/profile442697/>Report
        <javascript:report(1287797, 'comment')> 

2021-05-08 09:20:12
Such a wonderful story of this dirty slutty mummy being dominated by her
son, please write more of the way he degrades her, may having her remove
her panties before going to work in her power clothing & heels. Have her
wear double dildo latex panties whilst she works, have her reminded of
her slutty inner self.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        X-MAN215 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile133946/>Report
        <javascript:report(1287739, 'comment')> 

2021-05-06 17:41:02
NOT BAD AT ALL
------------------------------------------------------------------------
« <javascript:getCommentsPerPage(0, 'comments')>1
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(0, 'comments')>»
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(0, 'comments')>
SUBMIT A COMMENT
You are not logged in.
Characters count:     

Do you write sex stories or sex-related texts? submit them to us!
Register here to post <https://www.sexstories.com/createaccount>

Back to the Sex Stories <https://www.sexstories.com/> - Visit XNXX.COM
<http://www.xnxx.com/> - Bookmark XNXX Stories
<javascript:void(favoris());> - Set us as your homepage <#> - Submit a
text <https://www.sexstories.com/createaccount> - Contact us <http://
www.xnxx.com/contact_stories.php>

Copyright 2000-2006 © XNXX-PiCS. All rights reserved.

