ปิดมุมมองผู้อ่าน

  * ข้อความและเค้าโครง
  *


        ข้อความ

    ขนาดตัวอักษร

    แบบอักษร

    น้ำหนักตัวอักษร

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------


        เค้าโครง

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------


        ขั้นสูง

    การจัดตำแหน่งข้อความ

    กลับเป็นค่าเริ่มต้น

  * ชุดตกแต่ง
  *


        ชุดตกแต่ง

    ค่าเริ่มต้น

    กำหนดเอง

    อัตโนมัติ

    สว่าง

    มืด

    ซีเปีย

    เปรียบต่าง

    เทา

      o
      o
      o
      o
  o
    กลับเป็นค่าเริ่มต้น

  * อ่านออกเสียง (บ)
  *


        อ่านออกเสียง

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------


        เสียงพูด

    Microsoft Zira Desktop - English (United States)

    ค่าเริ่มต้นMicrosoft David - English (United States)Microsoft David
    Desktop - English (United States)Microsoft Mark - English (United
    States)Microsoft Zira - English (United States)Microsoft Zira
    Desktop - English (United States)

sexstories.com <https://www.sexstories.com/story/19894/
seductive_scheming_step_mom>


  Free Sex Stories & Erotic Stories @ XNXX.COM

10–13 นาที
------------------------------------------------------------------------


    Introduction:

My name is Phillip and I am now 22, this story took place when I was 20
and visited my dad and step mom. I hope you enjoy it.

The day finally arrived I was going to go see my dad and step mom again.
It started out like every other day, I woke up got dressed and ate some
breakfast. My mom and I had packed our stuff the night before so we were
ready to go when I finished breakfast. We packed our things into the car
and were off. It was the normal seven and a half hour trip from here to
where my grand parents lived, with the usual stops on the way. We
finally got there and I couldn’t wait for my dad to get there to pick me up.

When my dad arrived my mom and him said the usual hellos and caught up
on a few things then I put my stuff in the back of his truck and off we
went for another three and a half hour trip. We finally pulled into his
driveway, I got my things out and took them inside giving my step mom
and hug and a kiss on the cheek on the way in. while I was hugging her I
couldn’t help notice that she was rubbing me a lot and squeezing me a
little weird, I just shrugged it off as if it were just she had missed
me a lot. I took my things into the spare bedroom closely followed by my
step mom she asked me how my trip was and I told her it was fine but I
was a little bit tired. She told me I needed to stay up a little bit
longer so I could get a good night sleep, I agreed with her mostly
because I hadn’t slept well for awhile. So I stayed up watching TV and
swapping stories until my dad went to bed, I told him goodnight and that
I wasn’t far behind him. He hugged me and told me he was glad I was
there; I told him I was too. I told my step mom goodnight and she asked
me if I wanted her to come tuck me in like she had done in my younger
days, I laughed and told her no she said ok and I went to my bedroom
shut the door got undressed and went to bed.

Later that night I woke up from a dream that was amazing, I was having
wild sex with the hottest girl in my school, I was still dazed from just
waking up but when I looked down someone was sucking on my dick. I just
laid there not moving a muscle. I could see well enough to figure out
that it was my step mom, but I was too shocked to move. As I lay there I
kept hoping that my boner would just go away but as she kept going it
kept getting better and better. As time passed I felt like I was about
to cum and she realized it too and she stopped, I was a little
disappointed but a little relieved too. What happened next made me think
I was still dreaming, she stood up and when she did all I could see was
her naked body in the moon light that was shining threw the blinds. My
step mom reached down with one hand and started stroking my hard boner
and with the other started playing with her pussy. As I watched her I
could tell she was really wet because I could see her juices running
down her inner thigh. She let out a slight moan and then stepped over me
with one leg. She lowered herself down just a little bit making sure my
cock didn’t penetrate her pussy she rubbed the head of my cock in
between her wet pussy lips and I felt like I wanted to explode. Finally,
I guess she couldn’t take it anymore, she lowered herself down onto my
cock and I felt like I was going to die. Her pussy was so warm and
tight, I had never felt anything like it before. Within minutes I had
cummed and she did too I guess because she got off, licked her fingers,
got dressed, and left. I laid there for the rest of the night unable to
fall back asleep thinking about what just happened.

The next morning came very slowly, and I was still very tired. I waited
till I heard someone moving in the house, then got up and got dressed
myself. When I left my room I was worried it might be my step mom,
thankfully it was my dad. I told him good morning and he did the same.
He told me that he was about to go to work I told him that was cool and
asked when he was going to be back, he said not until tomorrow. The only
thing that went threw my mind was,”oh no”. I told him that would be fine
and he gave me some money for lunch and dinner for me and my step mom. I
hugged him goodbye and off he went. No sooner did my dads truck leave
the driveway, my step mom appeared from their room, wearing nothing but
a night shirt that barely covered her butt. I told her good morning and
she smiled and said yes it is. We sat down at the table to eat some
breakfast when I dropped my fork on the floor. She said “here let me get
that for you”. She bent over facing away from me and I caught a great
view of her pussy it was completely shaven and wet as hell. She stood
back up glancing over her shoulder with a grin on her face then went to
the kitchen to get me another fork. I shook my head trying to get the
image out of my head but couldn’t no matter how hard I tried. She came
back and sat down and asked me if I slept alright. I told her yes and
spoke nothing else of it.

As the day went on my step mom didn’t change her clothing, she just sat
and walked around the house in that shirt. I watched her, catching a
glimpse of her ass every once and awhile. Lunch time rolled around and
she asked me what I wanted to eat, I told her I didn’t care, she smile
at me and she said oh really I said yeah. As I sat there on the floor,
she stood up and walked over to me, lifting her shirt up she said,” well
how about you eat this”. I looked at her in shock I told her she was
married to my dad and it would be wrong. She laughed and told me that
she and my dad hadn’t done anything sexual in years and that she just
wanted to feel good sexually. At this point I was still in shock so she
reached down and took my hand, I stood up and she led me to the couch.
She sat down and laid back, spreading her leg. She pulled me down and
put her hand on the back of my head, I told her that it was wrong but it
didn’t seem like she care. And to be honest with you I kind of didn’t
either. The pulled my head straight into her wet pussy, and let out a
loud moan and my lips made contact with hers. She started thrusting her
hips against my face, moving her pussy up and down. I said screw it and
thrust my tongue deep inside her tight pussy. We did this till she
cummed then I got up and sat down. She asked me if I was alright and I
said I didn’t know and walked to my room and shut the door.

Hours passed and all I could think about was my step mom. I heard a
knock on the door and asked what she wanted she told me to come meet her
in her bedroom in about five minutes. I said ok and five minutes later I
started toward her room. The door was shut so I knocked and she told me
to come in. I opened the door and left it open, the room was completely
dark and I couldn’t see a thing. I moved my hand along the wall looking
for a light switch and found it, I turned the light on and looked around
and couldn’t see my step mom anywhere so I stepped further into the
room. I heard the door slam and spun around and there was my step mom
naked about 2 feet away. She grabbed me and kissed me on the lips hard.
I gave in and kissed her back rubbing her body with my hands and
squeezing her butt once and awhile. While we were kissing she reached
down and took my pants off (I don’t wear underwear). I picked her up and
with one quick motion slid her down onto my hard cock. She let out a
moan and wrapped her legs around me. I walked over to the bed and laid
her down and started fucking her deep and hard. We fucked in every
position we could think of. We had been fucking for about an hour and we
had been making so much noise we didn’t hear the door open and close. I
heard a “oh my god” come from the other side of the room and spun around
expecting to see my dad. When I spun around instead of finding my dad I
saw my step sister and her two friends staring at me and my step mom. I
quickly covered myself up and my step mom laughed. I looked at her in
confusion and looked at my sister. My sister and her two friends looked
at me and smiled. I looked at my step mom and asked her what was going
on. She got up and told me that my step sister and her two friends were
still virgins and they wanted me to take their virginities. I told her
there is no way in hell that was going to happen. But it was too late
they had planned this from the second I told them I was coming to see
them. My step mom grabbed me from behind and all four of them tied me
down to the bed.

As I lay there thinking what have I gotten myself into. My sister and
her friends stripped down and took turns rubbing my cock. My step mom
told them they couldn’t have me till she had cummed. It took her maybe
twenty minutes to cum since my sisters friends were sucking on her
nipples and rubbing her clit. The two friends started to argue about who
was going to get to do me first, but as they argued my sister took it
upon herself to just jump right on. I could feel her hymen break and she
sat there for a minute to let the pain go away and then she rode me till
she came. Her friends took their turns and when they had finished I had
cum in all of them. They didn’t untie me until I promised not to leave
the room so I did and they untied me. I laid there too tired to move.
One of the girls said that my cock was still hard so I looked down and
it was, I thought to myself,” how is that possible” my step mom leaned
over and whispered ”looks like you aren’t done yet”. I told her fine but
we were going to do it my way this time and all of them giggled. I made
them stack up one on another my sister and one of her friend and my step
mom and the other one. I grabbed my cock and thrust it deep into my
sisters pussy pulled it out then pushed it into her friends. I moved
over after a few minutes and slid it into my step mom, then into the
other friends pussy. I fucked them all until I had cummed into each of
them again. My cock finally went down and I laid there exhausted.

That night my sister and her friends spent the night and me, my step
mom, my sister and her two friends fucked all night till my dad came
home. And when he left for work again. We did it all over again.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Read 119832 times | Rated 86 % | (442 votes)

Please rate this text:
   

