
  sexstories.com <https://www.sexstories.com/>


    The Wife's Dare by rodeotexas <https://www.sexstories.com/
    profile615989/rodeotexas>

True Story, Bestiality, Female/Female, First Time, Romance, Wife,
Written by women


      Author's infos

Gender: N/A    Age: N/A    Location: Texas
Posted Fri 2nd of March 2012
Report <javascript:report(39745)>
Font size : - +


    Introduction:

Wife goes too far with the dog
The Wife’s Dare



February 2012



Wife, Unexpected 1st Time, Discovery, Friends



I was just about to cum as I watched my beautiful wife’s face twist with
wanton lust under the large Mastiff as he hammered into her pussy with
primal abandon. The huge dog had her from behind and his massive weight
pinned her body down to the bed in front of me. Her knees were widely
spread to better handle the onslaught as well as accept the huge thick
cock being pounded deep into her and the swelling knot that would soon
tie her. It rammed her so hard that her large very firm breasts were
actually jerking to and fro in response; she was screaming and squealing
continuously. She came within a minute. Hard and fast. Whilst the
Mastiff still pounded her body, it made her peak again and again. The
Mastiff made her cum three times before the knotting started…


I am living a fairy tale, actually two fairy tales. How had this all
come to happen you asked? How had my wife turned into such a willing
participant? How could any man be turned on by such an act? Well, let me
explain how it started and maybe you will understand how it came to be.
It started out as a sequence of unrelated events that had combined and
then had spiraled out of control, along with a hard headed royal
personality.



Let me start from the beginning. My wife, Alexis, also wrote this so in
some sections you will see narrative in her own words.



Alexis and I had been married for 2 years. We had met after a month into
the Fall semester while beginning our last two years of the university
where I was studying to be a veterinarian and she was working on her
master’s degree.



Alexis had come from Europe on a student visa. She went to undergraduate
school in Europe and for two years she had been on her country’s Winter
Olympic Biathlon team. After graduation she decided to do her post-
graduate work in the states.



Alexis chose to attend a university in the Rocky Mountain States to
experience Western culture (as in cowboy!) She as well as her family are
enamored of Western Americana. Later, she explained to me that there
were many European and Asian social groups in several nations that are
solely formed for the interest in the American West, Cowboys & Indians,
Western Swing music, films and television shows. Even putting on
reenactments in period clothing!



Like others, I was attracted to her the first time I saw her, which was
in the library where I went to do some studying. She instantly struck me
with her beauty – she must have been one of the world’s most beautiful
women!



It was one of the classic double takes. She was sitting on a couch with
her legs curled under her when I walked in that first time. Just sitting
there she exhibited poise, grace and beauty. She was the most incredibly
beautiful and alluring woman I had ever seen! She glanced up to see who
had come into the secluded section of the library. She briefly looked at
me and then back down at her book, then her head almost comically
snapped back up to take a longer harder look at me, which is not an
uncommon reaction as I am six foot seven with rugged looks and rangy
features. With boots and hat on I appeared much taller. Several friends
have stated I would have made a good model for the “Marlboro Man”
cigarette advertisements (although I do not smoke or dip!).



Realizing what she had done she started blushing. I gave her a shy smile
(I am rather reserved and shy around women) and sat down in an easy
chair not too far away. We caught each other several times looking at
each other that first time. Small talk initially began the second time
we saw each other. When she spoke to me the first time her rich European
accent hooked me hard.



Over the course of the week and following week I would see her in the
same section of the library where I studied where she was doing the
same. Whenever I walked in she would give me a beaming smile.


At the end of the second week encountering her repeatedly in the library
in the same reading area, she asked me if I would like to accompany her
to the coffee shop at the student union. We must have sat there for two
hours talking non-stop while our coffees grew cold and barely touched. I
finally got up the nerve to ask her for a date.



With a twinkle in her eye and a coy mischievous grin she replied

“I thought I had already asked you!”



Alexis is a tall beauty with long dark auburn hair, and bright flashing
emerald green eyes. With a lean, lithe muscular physique with great
muscle definition as a result of being a longtime dedicated hard core
fitness buff. She lifted weights and would jog for miles. Yet she was
blessed with fantastic womanly curves with perfect specimens of
beautiful and large but very firm European upswept perky breasts with
small areoles and small nipples. All her pubic hair had been removed by
laser treatments except for a small decorative landing patch on her
pubic mound. She maintains a rich dark tan highlighted by the tan lines
of the skimpy string bikinis she favors.



When we went swimming she definitely turned the heads of men as well as
women like I have never seen or heard about (except on television
commercials!)



Dawning realization with both of us that this relationship was going to
get very serious, very quickly, came during the first date. The second
date it was an uncontrollable rampaging stampede! I have never felt this
way about a woman up. Before this I have had many extensive dates and
girlfriends and never wanted for female companionship. During our first
date I knew I never wanted to date anyone else again. In our case it
seemed to be true that there are indeed such things as soul mates.



Alexis had come to the states not only for her graduate work but also to
experience Western Americana. I learned on our first date she really had
yet to experience any having been here barely two months. So, what
better way to introduce her but to take her to a rodeo! This was how our
second date was spent…



I decided to surprise her by not telling her I was entered into two
events – bull riding and roping. When the bull riding was near to coming
up, I excused myself telling her one of my friends was riding and wanted
me to help him rig up, unfortunately women were not allowed in the
dressing room or down by the chutes. Alexis was clearly miffed I was
leaving her…



I had a friend who was to film her reaction when she learned I was
riding. My other friends in the rodeo knew I was on a special date and
let the rodeo announcer know as well who was a friend of theirs.



I became consternated when I looked up and saw my good friends in the
announcer booth. The announcer started off telling about the next bull
coming out. His name was “Ball Twister” and had a success rate of
throwing off 90% of the riders before the time was up and had a mean and
tricky disposition who had injured many riders. I was sure everyone in
the stands could see my face become beet red as the announcer continued
with



“The cowboy riding him tonight is a former top ranked collegiate rodeo
star in two categories who decided to continue with his veterinary
studies instead of going on the pro rodeo circuit when he graduated.
Give a big hand to Trevor!”



And with that the gate swung open and with one huge leap and twist in
mid-air, Ball Twister launched us into the arena.



Luckily I had a great ride with the top score of the evening and did not
become one of those 90% riders who did not complete the ride before
being thrown and the audience gave me a standing ovation.



Before going back into the stands to rejoin Alexis, I viewed the video
of her. The video clearly showed her shocked and stunned reaction when
she realized the announcer was talking about me, then as the gate swung
open and Ball Twister leapt out, her hand shot to her mouth and stayed
there. At the end of the ride she was jumping up and down screaming! She
definitely attracted the attention of the surrounding audience seeing an
incredibly beautiful woman jumping up and down, yelling in a highly
cultured European accent, I was just as enthusiastically greeted when I
rejoined her! I told her I had a roping event coming up later and I must
have really impressed her the way she continued to look at me…



After the roping event which I did well again (I had lots of practice
growing up on a very large ranch) I took her down to meet my friends and
to see the animals, then walked her next door to the dance the rodeo was
sponsoring.



As we walked to the dance I told her of the history of dances being
associated with rodeos after the event. She told me she had never tried
country and western dancing. When we entered the band was still setting
up. I was surprised to see that I knew two of the band members, more so
they also recognized me and waved.



Back when I was in undergraduate school, I had to take an elective. I
had learned to play a guitar at an early age and by the time I had
entered high school I had mastered the twelve string guitar. I was also
luck to be blessed with quite a good voice. When I was pursuing the
course catalog I saw they offered an advanced guitar class which I
signed up for and where I met the two band members. The class was taught
by a graduate student and he was slightly miffed I was a much better
guitar player than he, as well as better than anyone in the class. After
about a week, the instructor told me I was wasting my time attending
class. I wound up playing with the two band members in some small clubs
to help them earn enough money to by some band equipment and find more
members. I had to turn them down when they asked me to be part of the
band due to my studies and I really disappointed them as they thought
they had a lead guitar player as well as lead singer.



I was very surprised at how very quickly Alexis picked up each new dance
step I showed her or that my friends showed her, they were practically
cutting in on me each time a new dance started up and she definitely
caused quite a stir with her natural dancing ability and her beauty.
There were very few dances she sat out but every slow dance she reserved
for me…

My god, it seemed so natural to be dancing with her and to be with her.
It seemed like we have always been together…



At one point in-between sets, the two guys in the band spoke that there
was someone out in the audience that was the best natural guitar player
they personally knew plus he good carry a tune! “Let’s see if we can
entice Trevor to come up and play us at least one song!”



With awe Alexis looked at me and I shrugged my shoulders at her and
asked if she would mind. She replied she would love to see and hear me
play. The dance crowd started clapping and shouting my name so I got up
to play.



Now I can do a pretty good rendition of Pat Green, he is one of my
favorite musicians and the dance crowd was already pretty revved up so I
launched into “Down by the River” that had everyone up and dancing with
the exception of Alexis who sat and stared at me. After it was over, the
crowd started shouting ‘One More’ over and over until I relented, then I
played another Pat Green song “Take Me Out To The Dancehall”. After the
song was over I quickly scrambled off the stage to rejoin Alexis before
they started shouting at me to play more but I did not escape totally
unscathed as they yelled at me to go back to the stage. I walked back to
our table and Alexis aimed a beaming smile at me with bright green eyes
flashing. She told me I sang and played wonderfully and I was certainly
an accomplished man.



At the end of the dance the band yelled out to the crowd

“Get Trevor Back On Stage!”



Now all I wanted to do was dance one more time with this woman who had
so entranced me but four women I did not know came over and pulled me to
my feet and someone was pushing me from behind - I suddenly realized it
was Alexis pushing me and she along with the four other women dragged me
to the stage.

Dances usually end with some rowdy songs so I decided to play a couple
by one of my favorite musicians – Robert Earl Keen. I started off with
“Gringo Honeymoon” and as I played I realized the majority of people
were not dancing but standing in front of the stage singing along with
us! Alexis was right up front looking up at me with bright shiny eyes
that never left my face. The second and last song was “The Road Goes On
Forever”. With this song absolutely no one was dancing and everybody was
yelling out the song!

I felt pretty good about this because the intent was to invigorate the
crowd especially the ones that had been drinking too much to make them
more alert for the ride home. Then I saw Alexis’s beaming face directed
full on to me…

The following summer I took Alexis to the Calgary Stampede and Rodeo
which was a huge thrill for her.





PART 2



It was barely two months when I took Alexis to the ranch to meet my
parents for the Thanksgiving holidays. I have no siblings because it
would have been too dangerous for my mother to have had another pregnancy.



My parent’s extensive ranch has been in the family since the 1880’s. The
ranch backs up to a National Forest so we have millions of acres to ride
our horses in addition to the 450,000 acres the ranch encompassed.
Successive generations have improved and expanded the ranch and its
holdings though it had been difficult with successive generations with
the federal government instituting inheritance taxes, and state and
local taxes seemed to be going up ever year along with land values. The
ranch was especially affected with the near proximity of some high-end
ski resorts along with the rich and famous who built equally expensive
vacation residences. Our ranch had pretty well locked in any future
expansion by the ski resorts and exclusive residential sites and no
development was allowed on Federal land.



My dad had become a veterinarian in part to offset the impact of ever
increasing taxes and dramatically increasing land values. He specialized
in large as well as small animals due to there were many well-heeled and
famous clients in the area. Within a few years of starting out he had a
very successful practice, with four vets working for him.



All I ever wanted to be was a vet, my vet education started very early
going out with my dad when I was young and working in his clinic,
educating me in medical school terms and not as a vet assistant.



Dad was planning to retire when I graduated and hand the clinic over to
me at no charge – a practice that was worth a couple million dollars if
he had sold it along with his client base. However Dad has a knack for
information technology and for writing computer software code as a side
hobby. He had written a program to manage all aspects of large and small
veterinarian clinics and his software development had made him millions
and continued to do even more so when it started to go international.
Dad’s software income had enabled him to set up a permanent untouchable
trust meant to perpetuate the ranch for future family generations, the
principal was untouchable and all interest was used for taxes and ranch
improvements. Still a considerable amount of interest was not ever
utilized and was rolled over into the principal for future
contingencies, thereby creating a perpetual trust that would still
flourish no matter how badly the stock market crashed or interest rates
plummeted.



The Thanksgiving holidays were over too soon and were a whirlwind of
activity culminated by taking Alexis on an overnight trip by horseback
high up in the mountains to one of the small range cabins the family had
preserved and maintained.



Later Alexis told me I had her hooked during our first date, during the
second date to the rodeo and dance she was hooked and landed! But it was
during the trip to the family ranch to meet my wonderful parents,
hearing the wild stories of me growing up on the ranch and the mischief
I always got into, then finally the overnight high mountain horse ride
listening to me talk of my love of the mountains, the land, wildlife,
the history of the area, the family ranch and mostly, of my parents, did
she fully acknowledge to herself that for the first time in her life she
loved another man besides her father and how frightfully searingly deep
and intense that love was.



I knew Alexis’s family had money as Alexis drove a new top of the line
Range Rover and I had often seen her whip out an American Express
Centurion credit card (“The Black Card”) and a VISA Black credit card.
This often resulted in arguments as I felt she was paying for things I
should be picking up the tab for or contributing to. I wasn’t a
destitute college student, dad gave me a pretty generous living stipend
and I drove a new fully loaded truck. I never won many arguments with
her - she was definitely a high brow hard headed European! Despite the
monetary arguments, we never really discussed our family’s financial
statuses. She well figured out my family’s financial status when I took
her home to meet my parents and saw Dad’s practice, the extensive ranch,
large ranch house, and a few thousand plus head of cattle and horses.



With her family, just once Alexis eluded that her family came from “old
money” that successive generations were very successful in parlaying and
we never discussed our family’s wealth while we were dating. It still
irked me, especially when we went on short weekend trips and extended
weekend trips skiing, learned that she had already prepaid the lodging
and skiing costs without telling me. It further irritated me when I
complained and she told me the costs was inconsequential to her and to
her family, it gave her great pleasure to do such “little” things for me
and to stop arguing about it.





PART 3



Over the next several succeeding months when we would go snow skiing and
got into the chalet spas it seemed a phenomena that she appeared to
attract other gorgeous single women into the spa we were in. Fortunately
for me, my large size and looks is intimidating to most guys and
discouraged them from joining us most times. Those that did join us
quickly detected she had no interest in any other guy beyond having a
pleasant intelligent conversation.



During one of the ski trips, Alexis had rented out a large ski cabin for
us and as usual invited some of her best girlfriends to accompany us and
five of her friends quickly pounced on the invitation. None of her
friends seemed to have any compunction about being topless or totally
nude in the spa with me! But due my “circumstances” I chose to keep my
swimsuit on despite all the teasing I received in doing so.



You should have seen my reaction the first time it happened. The bubbles
were blowing, several drinks have been ingested and I noticed a bikini
top floating on the surface which was soon joined by another, then
others! Then I realized the tops also had matching bottoms floating as
well! All the girls began laughing hysterically at my reaction in being
in a spa with several beautiful nude women. And of course they had to
egg it on with an occasionally wandering hand and foot, brushing against
me getting in and out to refresh their drinks and intentional pressing/
sliding against me as they climb out and accidently falling onto me as
they got back in! All thru this Alexis was very conscious of their every
action and very obviously bemused by it all, and I think actually
encouraging the others when I was not paying attention. This was proven
true when she got out to get drinks and got back in on the other side of
the tub while two others slid over next to either side of me and pressed
their nude bodies up against me.



The next night in the spa pretty much the same was going on with drinks
free flowing and all the women nude in the spa and we took turns getting
out for more drinks. All the women, and now Alexis included, kept
teasing me about keeping my swimsuit on which caused me great
consternation because Alexis well knew my reasoning’s and I thought she
was intentionally embarrassing me. This condition was aggravated as the
girls became more rowdy as they got more intoxicated and at times
attempted to tug my swimsuit off. As it was, I maintained a partial
erection just about the entire time due to all the beautiful nude women
in the spa and with struggling with their horseplay, pressing/sliding
their nude bodies against me.

I caught them all talking to each other once when I got out to get more
drinks and they all were pointedly looking at me when I was walking back
to join them and they all burst into laughter, obviously something was
up with them. Luckily I had remembered to put on a jock strap underneath
my swimsuit but I realized my partial erection was still very obvious.



Not being conceited or boastful but my cock just hits eleven inches in
length at full erection and has a very thick girth. At times I wished I
was just a couple inches shorter, being this large was very difficult
for every woman I ever went to bed with and it took a lot of effort,
time, patience and artificial lubrication to be able to fully
accommodate me. Only women that were intoxicated or high, or had grown
accustomed were able to enthusiastically fuck me back. At times it can
be embarrassing in social settings when I am aroused. Like this…



I found out short time later what they were up to... They all, Alexis
included, had earlier popped some E (ecstasy) and were very drunk as was
I, but I was a bit reserved in taking E (being in veterinarian school
and had taken several courses in pharmacology). Alexis had crossed over
from where she was sitting in the spa and straddled me, started kissing
me and ever so more insistently grinding her lovely tight bare ass
against my unstoppable growing erection. I whispered to her “let’s take
this inside” but she strongly demurred and became more insistent with
her kissing and physical grinding. I closed my eyes because although
being very drunk I was still also very embarrassed not only being in a
spa full of beautiful nude women whose every eye was upon Alexis and I,
but with the realization that Alexis was apparently going to do this in
the presence of her girlfriends! Then I felt her hand down inside my leg
pulling out my now rock hard cock, for several long seconds she fondled
it and stroke it all the while grinding harder against me. Alexis
insistently began tugging my swimsuit down and off, then started rubbing
my cockhead back and forth between her pussy and between the parted
moons of tight ass for several more seconds, she began rubbing the tip
against her tight anal entrance and pressed down against it as a low
frustrated groan escaped from her lips.



While several women I have been with in the past have expressed interest
in anal sex, only a few have actually tried it with me and fewer still
were actually able to succeed and most of them were all very drunk or
very high or a combination of both! They could take the length after
much effort and time but it was the girth they had trouble with at
initially getting past the entrance. Luckily, Alexis was one of these
who could accomplish it, with great difficulty, and actually enjoy it
after getting used to it but she still had to have been drinking or…



Alexis again began rubbing my cockhead back and forth against her pussy,
then she held and positioned it to start working herself down on top of
it. The spa was washing away her lubricant so it was far more
exceedingly difficult than usual to begin embedding my thickness and
length into her tight passage (and she not only had a very tight vaginal
entrance but a very tight vaginal passage!) there was nothing easy about
this. Even in bed we always initially had difficulty despite how aroused
and turned on she could be. Without any lubrication she was so fucking
tight and she could hardly force the head in. After several long seconds
Alexis finally managed to work just my cock head in and her tight
entrance felt like it was squeezing the blood from my cockhead. Her
pussy didn't feel like it was going to loosen up as my cock felt like it
was in a vise. I even started to doubt her ability to accept my cock in
these conditions. I opened my eyes and saw the determination set upon
her face as she continued to try to work it in…



It was then I realized thru my drunken stupor both of Alexi’s hands had
either been wrapped around my neck or on my shoulders this entire time…



One of the girls was kneeling beside us looking up at me with a lusty
hungry smile, one hand caressing Alexis’s back and ass and I realized
her other hand was holding my cock steady for Alexis to impale herself
upon, she licked her tongue out at me and then leaned in and started
kissing Alexis’s body….



I closed my eyes almost completely but still just enough to see the
emotions flickering across Alexis’s face and the actions of the other girls…



I let Alexis control everything, I felt a little pain and I knew she had
to be feeling a lot more pain without any real lubrication and water is
not a good lubricant.



Alexis in very slow increments gradually worked my cock in deeper. In
increments she would work a little bit in, then slowly slide up and down
for just that amount of length trying to get her pussy to conform to my
size and the length, then she would push down a bit more and repeat the
same process. When she had almost half my length in, Alexis started
going a little farther with each forceful push down. Suddenly I could
feel her spasm and tense in orgasm as she screamed. I could feel a
sudden heat engulf my cock as her lubrication suddenly flooded her
passage triggered by her orgasm. As her orgasm diminished her vaginal
muscles slightly relaxed and suddenly she slipped further down onto my
shaft and a second shrieking orgasm sounded.



I could feel a hand cupping and fondling my balls while another hand
caressed my inner thighs while Alexis rode me. Frequently I could feel a
finger along my shaft that I knew had to belong to another hand as
Alexis continued to ride up and down trying to get more in. Curious and
overcoming my embarrassment of Alexis having sex with me in front of her
friends, I dared to fully open my eyes and saw a third girl finger
fucking Alexis’s tight ass with an exquisitely long finger. The two
other girls sitting on either side of me took turns kissing Alexis while
fondling her breasts and hard nipples. In-between, Alexis noticed I had
my eyes open, she grinned at me and I could not resist smiling back as a
girl leaned in and hungrily started kissing her…



Despite all of Alexis’s efforts, the water was just removing too much
lubrication each time she rose up off my shaft, she only seemed to get
about seven and a half inches in and no more, she slowly slid up and
down, with hardly any lubrication her vaginal sheath was stretched
around my cock as tight as possible, her ass resoundingly pushing
against the hand of the girl as she repeatedly slid down, her hand was
still wrapped around my cock holding it in place for her, almost four
more inches still begging to go into her wonderfully tight and hot
exquisite pussy...



My eyes focused on her beautiful hard nipple breasts as they repeatedly
rose and fell back thru the water interface with nary a jiggle. Her
breasts always were mesmerizing to me how they could be so large yet so
very firm and barely jiggled even when laying in bed on her back with me
thrusting into her or taking her doggie style – a position she greatly
enjoyed but she loved straddling me (cowgirl style!) the best.



Again I could feel her vaginal muscles repeatedly spasm and then her
pussy clenched my cock tight. She threw her head back, screaming as if
in pain. She was shaking now, quivering, her nails digging into my
shoulders. A low groan emerged as I felt my peak coming and then I
exploded like a volcanic eruption inside Alexis. Her eyes flew open
feeling the force of my ejaculation and then once again her pussy
started spasming, repeatedly gripping my cock tightly as she screamed
out another orgasm, again and again she screamed, each time louder than
before, then settled in volume to moaning and groaning as her exhausted
body trembled on top of mine. I came so hard the blood ran to my head,
almost making me dizzy.





Gradually I once again became aware of the other five women, all of them
were looking at me, at both Alexis and I, with unmistakable wanton
sexual hunger…



Alexis raised her head up and looked at me and said

"I love you, I love you so very much!”

as she held my face in her hands and deeply kissed me.



"I love you too darling.

I'm not sure what just happened.

Are you OK?" I asked.




"I'm better than OK. It was wonderful!

I love you more than ever!

I just wished I could have gotten the rest of you inside me!”



I whispered in her ear

“but what about the others being with us, watching you fuck me, helping
you fuck me…”



Alexis leaned back and in a voice the other five could clearly hear stated

‘if special friends can help other special friends have fun with each
other’s consent, then no hesitation and certainly no regrets!”



Then she leaned and whispered into my ear

“besides we showed them what a great fuck and wonderful lover you are,
not to mention your magnificent cock! Couldn’t you see the extreme
hunger and deep wanton lust exhibited in each of them?

Trevor! Each one of them wanted to feel your magnificent humongous cock
inside! The flame inside each of them flared hotly when they realized I
could not take you fully because of the water, wanting to see me fully
plunge down onto your shaft, imagining the feel of it inside their own
selves, going deeper than any real cock they probably had ever
experienced, feeling you push thru into her cervical canal, inside her
womb! Feeling your hot volcanic ejaculation explode that deep inside
them!!!”



In a moment of clarity I realized I was dating a very sexual, very
sexually creative woman who had a little streak of exhibitionism, who
loved to heighten her experiences, who also enjoyed a little girl play
as well!



If I was just causally dating Alexis, then I would I have greatly
enjoyed and fully accepted each one of her friends advances, but I
hesitated to do so. This was special what Alexis and I had and I was not
going to chance anything, though the temptation was unbearably great!



My cock was still embedded inside Alexis. Her randy talk in the company
of five other beautiful naked women having a renewed effect upon me. My
cock twitched and Alexis felt it and arched a perfect eyebrow at me and
grinned.



Very, very slowly she raised up, it still felt as if my cock was in a
vise, there was absolutely no lubrication by now and we both could feel
a tremendous pulling sensation, even though it was almost painfully
tight it was exquisitely so and by the time my cockhead finally popped
through her tight vaginal entrance I was again at full erection.



Alexis climbed out of the spa, her small nipples becoming diamond hard
in the frigid air with tiny bumps appearing on her areolas. She extended
a hand to help me out. I started to look around for my swimsuit but she
shook her head and grabbed my hand and started to pull me out. As I
emerged, a loud gasp emitted from all four women as they saw my full
erection. Alexis gave them a sweet sexy smile and started sashaying back
into the cabin pulling on my hand. Loud disappointed aaahhhs and groans
came from the spa…





She lead me into the bedroom and told me I better lock the door or we
will be joined by five extremely horny women –

“and it is five against two, or six against one!” she said with a deep
sultry lustful voice.



We dried each other off and then she reached into her suitcase for the
bottle of Bad Dragon cum lube, fully intent on taking all of me inside
this time.



In the afterglow as we laid there stroking each other, we heard the
doorknob jiggle and several muttered disappoint exclamations on the
other side of the door. She grinned at me and asked if she should unlock
the door as she started to get out of bed. In a slight panic I stammered
out two quick no’s. Alexis grinned at me and asked if I was sure, it was
then I told her I do not think I could handle another one, much less
five, besides you always will be more than enough for me…



Her eyes flared brightly with my response and then suddenly kissed me
very passionately, leaving me slightly bewildered by her sudden deep
emotion.



PART 4



The next morning all the girls were giving me glancing looks and slyly
grinning at each other. I commented to Alexis about their actions and
she responded

“Well, we did give them a great performance last night!

Before you got out of bed this morning, they were all talking about it.
Each one was very impressed, let’s say awed, and very expressive about
your ‘manhood’ and wished they could have participated more intimately
than they were able to. Each had said they had never taken on a real
cock anywhere near your size and it was also absolutely the most
beautiful cock they had ever seen in appearance!

Oh! I almost forgot...

There was some pretty randy talk about getting you and I very drunk
tonight and all of them having their way with us…”



With a sly wink and a slow sexy smile, Alexis turned and sashayed away…



That night we all were partying pretty hard and we all were drunk, all
the girls again had popped some E. We were lounging around in robes and
sweats. Suddenly two very drunk and very nude girls ran thru the large
open living area, one girl was chasing the other with a very long and
very thick double-headed dildo! Two of the other girls jumped up and
grabbed the one that was running away and wrestled her to the floor,
pinning her and held her as the other girl started thrusting the dildo
between her widely spread held legs. I was frozen in place with
disbelief as I watched the one doing the thrusting actually start
fucking her with it! By now the six women including Alexis were
hysterically shrieking with laughter. The one being assaulted started
yanking and pulling at the clothing of the others, Alexis and the
remaining girl piled into the wild melee with Alexis in the middle of it
all! They all started in on each other quickly resulting in vast
expanses of bared breasts, bare bottoms and beautiful nude bodies as
they grabbed the dildo from each other and thrust it at each other’s
pussies and asses, at times ganging up on each other!



It seemed as one they all suddenly remembered I was present, the sole
male in the group. They noticed my still shocked expression and then the
one that held the dildo, raised it in my direction, glistening with girl
juice, and she gave me a very evil grin…



I’m not ashamed to say, knowing how wild this one was, that I jumped up
and ran for the bedroom locking myself in to the hilarious laughter of
the others!



Never had I experienced anything like this or knew of anyone that had –
except in porno flicks!



Over the next few months remaining of the snow skiing season, there were
several similar trips with her girlfriends with me being the only guy.
One or two girls would rotate out and others in but each trip had some
wild and daring risqué behavior and outrageous blatant flirting with me
alone, and with Alexis, along with blatant nudity in the spas. This also
carried over to what they were wearing (or not wearing) when we were
sitting around in the main living areas enjoying a blazing fire
partying. More than once I was boldly propositioned alone or sitting in
the spa with others, and with them sitting topless or nude, it took
great restraint not to give in especially when she was being physically
forceful about it and pressing her nude body against you and trying to
sit in your lap, even at times in front of Alexis!



It puzzled me because through it all, at times Alexis had been right
there and all she did was grin at me watching one of her topless or nude
friends blatantly come on to me. One time in the spa they all ganged up
with Alexis shoving her naked friends onto me. I did not know if it was
a European thing to be non-chalant about sex and nudity or what. I
certainly have seen her flare up seeing a pretty girl she did not know
talking to me and I certainly did not entertain sharing her with another
man, not that she ever showed any interest, in fact had quickly rebuffed
any guy that had come on to her. The girl on girl action did not bother
me, heck, what man would not be aroused by it, and there was plenty of
that on each trip!



Confused and confounded, I did know Alexis and I had something seriously
special and despite the many temptations and offers, I did not give in
and learn to sexually joke back with the girls. Unfortunately this
seemed to charge them up even more but it appeared to me they later
worked out their sexual frustration with each other!



PART 5



While I was thinking this was going unbelievable fast and actually
proposing marriage, concerned with even considering it in the short
amount of time we had been together (7 months), it was Alexis that
proposed to me! I had been carrying the ring around with me constantly
for a few weeks looking for inspiration on when to propose and where. It
was late April and the first Alpine flowers had begun poking the heads
above the thinning snow layer when Alexis and I had made a trip back to
the ranch and it was during the trip that Alexis proposed to me.



We had been sitting quietly together on a high overlook above a valley
whose scenery was inspirational. I spoke in a low voice describing the
history of the area with the mountain men and the Indian tribes and how
the tribes considered this valley scared because of its beauty, today
still pristine, unmarked by any sign of man. The federal government had
approached the family several times about purchasing the ranch over the
years because of this beautiful valley but stopped when we placed it
into a conservation easement. We were silent, listening to the bird
songs when she tightly gripped my hand, squeezing hard, and in a low
quiet hesitant voice proposed.



For moments I did not respond - startled she had asked me first. Tears
sprang to her eyes in perceived rejection as a look of utter devastation
began forming upon her lovely face and began streaking down her cheeks.
I shifted my other hand and reached into my coat pocket, managing to
open the engagement ring box with one hand while still concealed, then,
I drew it out and said



“You Beat Me To It!”



Due to our busy schedule, and attending classes throughout the summer
and her parents busy business schedule, it was not until late in the
year before I actually met her parents in person, even though we have
spent at length several telephone conversations and Skype video sessions.



Before we knew it the Christmas Holidays were upon us and her parents
had invited us to fly to Europe where I was to meet them in person for
the first time and spend the Christmas and New Year holidays. They would
take care of the flight to and from. Alexis made sure I brought my
guitar which I tried not to do because of the size and the risk of
damage by the baggage handlers. Alexis told me not to worry; it will not
be a problem with her parents arranging the flight, and her parents were
looking forward to hearing me play.



At the airport, Alexis imparted the first of many surprises of our
future life together. Instead of going to long term parking and catching
a shuttle to the large terminals, she turned into the small terminal for
private jets and its own secure parking lot. Puzzled, all I could see
were private planes of all sizes and a few executive business jets. She
would not respond to my questions except that we were at the right
terminal and to get the bags and follow her. We checked in and were
cleared to leave the terminal. As I followed her out she walked directly
to a Learjet Global 5000 airplane where she was greeted by the pilot,
copilot and a very attractive stewardess and a very non-stewardess
uniform at the foot of the stairs. Alexis explained this was the plane
for the family business. She just laughed at my expression and I was
speechless. The plane was large enough to contain a pair of crew
sleeping berths as well as a private bedroom.



During the flight she talked a little about her parents and her sister.
The conversation was mainly centered on their personalities so I could
be prepared to meet them. Alexis stated her father was extremely
protective of the family heritage and of his daughters. He would greet
me warmly but I would still have to win his trust.

At some point her father will want to speak to me alone. Even though it
was she who proposed, she still must have her father’s utmost approval
and acceptance. Her mother would not be a problem as she has been
preparing for the day I would finally be serious with someone and if
father approved, she would approve.

She then added

“You see, I have never told you but I have never had a serious or steady
boyfriend till you. In fact I never really dated even when I went off to
university. I have had a private education until university and really I
had never met anyone that met my standards or who I knew would be
acceptable to my family. The guys I did meet were attracted to my
physical attributes and my money - until you came along!”



Then Alexis looked at me very seriously and said

“I have only been with one other man – once, and that was when I had
been very drunk and had given into my arousal, in fact I was not in full
control of myself. I had been dating a guy for about a month when he
took me to a party which had turned into a drunken debauchery. Later I
found out someone(s) had been spiking all the drinks to get the women
loaded and most everyone there knew it was going to happen. He had been
a selfish, inconsiderate and very bad lover and I broke up with him a
few days later when I found out it had been planned. If I had been in
full control of myself it would have never happened. I was waiting to
fall in love with someone very special before going all the way…”



I looked at Alexis with new found and deeper respect, realizing how very
special she is. Then Alexis continued



“And then there is my sister, Katrina. She is the opposite of me, pretty
wild and in the past there were several problems with her involved. I
have heard her being described as “predatory”, though it seems she
appears to be settling down and readying for her future as father
educates her about the family business which he expects her and I to
manage in the future. Still at this stage in her life, I still can’t
fully trust her, especially with you!” she said with a hard look at me…”







Alexis went on stating “It wouldn’t surprise me if she flirts with you
or even directly comes on to you if I or my parents are not around. So
at night, you need to lock your bedroom door, and yes, we will be
sleeping in separate rooms because while my parents are modern Europeans
they are still a bit staid in that respect while we are in their home
until we get married”.



Alexis’s description of her sister as “wild” concerned me, considering
the craziness that had occurred during the ski trips that Alexis had
invited her friends to, how much wilder can her sister be!



The reminder of the flight was quiet as I contemplated what Alexis told
me. Never had I seen or heard her talk this seriously and for the first
time I had doubts if I could measure up to her family.



We landed at an International airport in Europe but she informed me we
were staying on board, we just landed for the customs check and
refueling and would be taking off soon. Finally we landed at a private
landing strip in a mountainous area and were met by her parents and
sister in a Range Rover. Her parents were elegant in both appearance and
youth, both very physically fit and attractive. From out of the blue a
momentary flash of thought appeared thinking her mother had a
resemblance to actress Raquel Welch, just a little leaner and more fit
and I bet her mother could still wear a bikini with pride. She still had
to be in her forties, and from her appearance she would be a beauty for
decades to come. I could see Alexis’s beauty came from both sides of the
family. Introductions went great and they seemed genuinely glad to meet
me and talked non-stop since this was the first time I had actually
spoken to them, asking endless questions about me, my family and our
ranch (evidently Alexis had already told them my family had a large ranch!).



Alexis was right about her sister Katrina…



Katrina was a comparable beauty to Alexis, equally well endowed,
statuesque and as physically fit. She had reddish brunette hair and the
most startling ice-blue eyes I had ever seen. At a distance I thought
she must have been wearing color contacts but as she came closer I
realized it was her natural eye color. She leaned in to kiss me and gave
me a lingering not somewhat chaste kiss on the corner of my mouth as she
held her eyes open with mine, mirth dancing in them…



I could feel myself blushing even in the frigid cold as I pulled away.
Katrina gave a coquettish laugh as I saw Alexis shooting daggers from
her eyes at her sister. Their father had a disapproving scowl aimed at
Katrina and their mother was clearly embarrassed.



As the Range Rover drove up a steep snow covered mountain road, I could
see a magnificent classic fortress castle perched on a mountaintop
overlooking the lake we flew over. I inquired if we were going to drive
by it, whom did it belong to and what was the history behind it. Her
parents gave each other a funny look as her father stopped the vehicle
and both of them immediately lit into Alexis! Unfortunately they were
not speaking English anymore and I could not understand what was being
spoken but her father was clearly mad and her mother as well, in
addition with having an embarrassed look.



Chagrinned and in an embarrassed voice, Alexis mentioned she had
neglected as well as avoided telling me some things about her and her
family. She wanted to make sure I was marrying for who she was and NOT
what she was or had…



Stunned, I sat there staring up at this fairy tale castle as she told me

“I’m a descendant of European royalty and I have the actual hereditary
title of “Princess” and that castle you see is our ancestral home…



For the rest of the ride up the mountain she sat there with a bemused
look upon her face, glancing at me every so often to see if I had yet
come out of my shocked status. Her parents occasionally giving her a
scowling glance, irritated with her for being deceitful to me as I very
obviously stumbled answering their questions for the remainder of the
drive…Katrina looked amused.





PART 6



The family and I spent the succeeding days skiing as a family and going
snowmobiling and touring the area. At times it was just Alexis, Katrina
and I, seldom just the two of us but that was okay, and I was here to
meet the family and be judged and hopefully accepted. I also accompanied
the family to a couple of very elaborate Christmas parties that were
part ball that their friends held in very expansive mansions. Several
apparently affluent young men were present that were clearly startled
and then became miffed when they learned that Alexis was now engaged.
But looking up at me and seeing a beaming smile, most were exceedingly
polite and pleasant…



The skiing was very challenging with the very steep slopes, Alexis and
Katrina clearly way outclassed me and later I learned both considered
going pro at one time. Even skiing with her parents I found very
challenging. In the late evenings we went to the large solarium that the
family castle had that contained a very large custom swim spa with a
conjoined hot tub to soothe sore muscles and relax. Her parents did join
us once and her mother could definitely still wear, albeit a modest one,
two piece bikini that had a scalloped bottom. She was very toned and fit
with good muscle definition and her breasts were still firm with no
sagging. I imagined she would have been very competitive with her
daughters at their age.



It was the third night and Alexis and I went out to soak in the swim
spa. Alexis dropped her robe and with shock I saw she was wearing a
daring G-string microkini extreme swimsuit that left nothing to the
imagination! While she wore some pretty skimpy string bikinis in the
past there was almost nothing to this one! The small narrow teardrop
shape patches just barely covered her areolas. The two teardrops were
connected by gold chains and accented with gold beads. Beautiful
sparkling Swarovski crystals were embedded in what I realize was see-
thru fabric with the crystals strategically place to just give daring
perceivable views of her areolas and nipples. Likewise gold chains
connected the small piece of fabric that covered her pubic mound.
Observing my jaw dropping reaction, Alexis let me wonder for awhile
before reassuring me she would never wear anything like this in public.
She looked down and saw my already partial erection. With an amusing
tone she said



“Oops! Looks like someone did not remember to wear his jock strap!



Remembering that Katrina was going to join us I quickly slid in, turned
on the powerful jet pump and swam against the current to dispel my erection.



We watch as Katrina came in wearing a robe and strolled over to us.
Katrina look at Alexis and both grinned at each other, and then Katrina
dropped her robe…



She was similarly clad in a microkini extreme swimsuit! Like Alexis,
they both might as well as have been nude. Katrina’s was made up of
shiny lycra patches connected by clear elastic that stretches. The
visual effect was that there were no straps holding the tiny pieces of
fabric. Her navel sported a non piercing belly button ring with a very
large diamond with 6 smaller diamonds forming a chain drop dangle.



Indeed just as I had thought, Katrina was a comparable beauty to Alexis
- just as well endowed, firm and physically fit! Her abdomen was just as
flat and ripped as Alexis’s. Her large firm perky breasts appeared not
to be natural but Alexis already had caught me once before looking at
Katrina and had reaffirmed they were just as real as hers. I thought
there was no one on earth who could match Alexis’s physical attributes
let alone her intelligence. And now I was in a swim spa/spa that did not
seem to be big enough!



Katrina huskily chuckled at my reaction and then started laughing and I
could feel my face becoming beet red, which was made only worse with
Alexis joining in with the laughter which seemed to set each other off
even more! It was plainly clear they both planned this!



Evidently Katrina had planned other things as well. I ran into her in
the hallway the next two mornings wearing a see-thru flyaway babydoll
with sheer G-string panties, both which I could clearly see thru.
Katrina somehow planned these encounters; there was no reason to be in
the hallways of a cold drafty castle in wintertime when each of the
bedrooms had a connecting bath. I just could not figure out how she
could time it to “run” into me…



These accidental “encounters with Katrina and her almost non-stop
outrageous flirtations with me reinforced Alexis’s warnings to keep my
bedroom door locked at night!





A night came when I awoken to the sound of stone grinding on stone. I
looked over to where the noise was emanating from and saw a dark section
of wall appear.



The full moon of winter cast a harsh bright white light thru the large
windows of my bedroom, fully illuminating the room and backlighting the
woman who had entered thru the secret passageway.



She was wearing a diaphanous negligee; with the moonlight backlighting
her I could see every firm hard beautiful curve of her body and her hard
nipples as my erection began.



Katrina gave me a sultry sexy mischievous smile…



then the gown slip from her shoulders and she stood nude before me



I could feel my cock involuntarily stirring to a full erection at the
sight. Katrina then began talking that when Alexis and she were
children, they made games of discovering the hidden passages and secret
view points of the castle. Their parents encouraged this game as a means
of learning the security features of the castle, there are still bad
people that liked to kidnap and ransom the wealthy. However, Alexis was
not aware of this one…



As she stood there talking my cock grew even harder, painfully hard.



Well? She inquired with a haughty royal tone “aren’t you going to invite
me into your warm bed? It is cold standing here as you can plainly see
by my nipples…”



I softly explained I did not want to jeopardize my relationship with
Alexis, or with her and their parents. What Alexis and I had was
extremely special that a majority of people do not have the fortune to
experience, but the offer was generously and sincerely well received and
I will always remember this moment and your incredible beauty for the
remainder of my life…



Katrina responded with a pouty smile

“This is a real shame.

I was sooo looking forward to it.

I never had a real one the size of you inside me…are you sure???”



She cocked her hip and raised her eyebrow at me. A lump had developed in
my throat and I feared if I spoke a croak would come out so I just
nodded my head.



She came over to the bed and stood beside it, I was afraid she
misinterpreted my nod…



“Well, it seems my dear lovely sister has actual real trustworthy fiancé,

Congratulations to you both”



Then in a reflex faster than I could believe, she whipped back the
covers and saw my erection. Katrina emitted a loud gasp and I became
instantly concerned with the hungry look that appeared on her lovely
face. Surprised and stunned by her action I just lay there in disbelief
as she extended a warm hand and slowly trailed her fingers along the
length of my shaft, then wrapped her fingers around as much as she could
encircle and felt my throbbing pulsing.



“Yes, my sister is a very lucky woman and I am going to enjoy being your
sister-in-law, your very, very dear sister-in-law…



Katrina leaned over and gave me a lingering kiss upon the lips, her
tongue darting past my lips as her large hard nipple breasts repeatedly
brushed thru my chest hair, her hand still encircling my erection. Then
she stood up, gave me another mischievous smile and walked over to
slowly pick up her discarded clothing – she did so with her back to me
in an exaggerated wide stance so I could clearly see all her womanly
charms.

With a final smoldering look cast over her shoulder she went back into
the secret passage and closed the concealed door.



What I did not know until after the wedding was that Katrina had then
proceeded to Alexis’s bedroom and climbed in bed with her and they
talked about what happened.



“Your fiancé passed the second to last test, he turned me down. I made
it very difficult for him and shall I say, very hard for him. I must say
that after I actually saw what he had, it took considerable restraint
not to proceed to jump him despite what you and I previously agreed to.
I was already getting moist just standing there teasing him and thinking
about what you had told me about his size and how all your girlfriends
teased and tried to seduce him with your encouragement. By his shocked
state, I knew I could have moved swiftly and mounted him before he could
react. It remains to be determined if he will be up to, or willing, to
fulfill all our family obligations. However, for now, you better go in
and take care of your poor fiancé, his erection has to be painfully
excruciating”…



Again I heard the secret door open and feared I would not be able to
resist Katrina this time, she and Alexis were the two most beautiful and
fit women I have ever met or seen. I looked over and saw Alexis with a
beaming smile, nude. She immediately mounted and rode me hard, painfully
hard, repeatedly pushing her cervix hard against my cock, her cervix
finally dilated enough to allow my cock to begin slipping past the tight
opening as I begin to feel an exquisite tightness as Alexis renewed her
efforts, my cock now thrusting in and out of her tight cervical passage,
reaching for her womb, her own mounting orgasm nearing peak with my own.
She urged me on, to cum with her. I grasped her hips tightly bearing her
down hard burying myself as deeply as possible, to enter her womb with
my cockhead, as I prepared to orgasm. By now she knew when I was close
because she always matched mine – she redoubled her efforts to bring us
both off simultaneously, as we both peaked I heard her moan



“cum deep inside me, cumming inside Katrina…”



With her orgasmic words my cock exploded and it felt like the top of it
had blown off with the force of my ejaculation, I could feel pulse after
pulse of cum jet inside Alexis’s womb. Alexis’s nails were digging into
my shoulders as she gritted her teeth to stifle her own orgasmic cries
from echoing from the cavernous bed chamber as her body repeatedly
shuddered on top of me in orgasmic ripples.

Her nails bit deep as another racking orgasm shook her, I could feel
blood weal. We both always had great orgasms, especially with her being
multi-orgasmic but for some barely fathomable reason this time it was
really intense!



Alexis laid on top of me for quite awhile, occasionally squeezing her
vaginal muscles, milking my cock till she totally calmed down, my now
flaccid penis still caught well up within her tight cervical entrance.
From experience, she very slowly moved up my body gradually tugging my
still very sensitive cock out of her cervical passage. My cockhead
momentarily stopped, trapped at the tight cervical entrance. Slowly
Alexis tugged, increasing the pressure till both of us felt my cockhead
begin to slowly slip past the very tight constriction and then suddenly
pop back out into her vaginal passage, amazingly I felt some pent-up
fluid blast forth and Alexis moaned with the feeling.



She collapsed to lay beside me and stroked my chest, telling me how much
she loved me. Her stroking became more languid, prelude to drifting off
but my mind was still racing with the words she had uttered with her
imminent orgasm - “imagine cumming inside Katrina…”



I had to know and in a low hesitant voice I asked her what she meant.



Sleepily she looked at me as her hand caressed lower and lower and then
dreamily said



“Don’t ever worry about it, it would not have been a deal breaker, nor
ever will be.

I love you so much it hurts and I always will.

Katrina and I also love each other very much and there is nothing ever
held back between us…”



Her caressing hand had stroke my cock to life again; she gave me a
mischievous smile as she slide her leg over and remounted…



Over the next few days I spent a lot of time with each of the family
members in discussions each learning about the other, though with
Katrina I always tried to make sure someone was nearby, but I still
continued to run into her on occasion in the mornings in the hallways
wearing next to nothing. I still remembered part of an earlier
conversation when she talked about the secret passages - but also of the
hidden peepholes, and I wondered if it was coincidence or planned
interceptions…



Katrina still kept up her outrageous flirting but not in the presence of
her parents, but still did it in front of Alexis who, disturbingly to
me, did not seem to bother her but instead, Alexis appeared amused.





PART 7

It was the night after Christmas and indeed Alexis’s father asked to
speak with me in his library. We walked in and he turned to close the
massive wooden oak doors.



He started out stating how the most important things in this family were
to protect his two girls and his wife, the family wealth and heritage.
The family security and succession still comes first and it has been the
way of European nobility to cement alliances with marriages. For
generations and hundreds of years this had mostly succeeded until the
First World War, but that event was ignited by forces outside the royal
family’s control. He made it very clear, family is more than just two
people who are in love; family is everything and must survive and endure.



He went on to say

“I will also tell you that Katrina was adopted by us after her family
died in a plane crash when she was little, she is distantly related to
this family and of her own influential line. Both her parents were our
best friends since early childhood and she is as dear to me as Alexis.
Our families intermarried generations ago to cement nation-state
alliances. But due to unfortunate circumstances, now both Alexis and
Katrina are the last descendants of each family. It is not only my vital
duty but all of our duties to ensure the family heritage will continue.
Both Alexis and Katrina thoroughly agree in this aspect and both
understand hard choices and decisions will have to be made in this
respect to perpetuate the family line”.



I responded

“Sir, I assume you wish to discuss signing a prenuptial? That is fine, I
will. I will tell you that I will make a very comfortable independent
living and Alexis will not want for anything. My own family’s wealth is
not inconsiderable though pardon my saying, it significantly pales in
comparison with your own. We both have family heritages to uphold, again
pardon my comparison, it is not meant to be, but my family is very proud
of our ranching heritage, establishing the ranch when Indians still
freely roamed the area and endured constant raids, range wars and
rustling. Just as I am proud to learn of your family’s proud and
considerable heritage that stretches back for hundreds of years and that
I may possibly be a part of it. You know that I also am my parent’s only
child and I thoroughly understand the duties and responsibilities of
family tradition and heritage and want to see it endure.

I know you have the final say in whether this proposed marriage may
proceed and I completely understand your reasoning’s. In your position
and with your family heritage it is completely reasonable to me as I
would be of the same mind.

Nor will I go against your decision if you decide this marriage shall
not proceed, even if Alexis insisted we elope. For I cannot bear having
Alexis forever heartbroken knowing she had gone against her father’s wishes.

I will sign whatever you want me to, with respect, for I whole-heartedly
believe Alexis’s happiness is in the best interest of both of us…”



Her father stood there silently contemplating me, then reach into his
desk and pulled out a prepared prenuptial and handed it over to me.



I skimmed thru the document; it was not very long but a very clear and
severe iron clad agreement that spelled out that in case of divorce I
would not be entitled to anything beyond what Alexis and I had jointly
purchased together out of our respective earnings.



I reached for the pen and signed the prenuptial and handed it back to him.



I then told her father that Alexis and I will ensure our children will
learn, embrace and enjoy both of our cultures, heritage and families,
and will be shining examples of both.



Her father looked long and hard at me and seemingly reached a decision.
He reached into the drawer again and pulled out another document and
handed it to me.



It was another prenuptial but longer and more detailed, I carefully read
this one. It spelled out that in case of divorce I would receive an
incremental lump sum payment based on each year of marriage, the number
of children and if in sole custody or joint custody. It was quite
generous; in case of the divorce it would have made me independently
wealthy.



He said for me to sign this one as well and in the future if the
unfortunate occurs, either he or the family’s lawyers shall decide,
based on his instructions, which prenuptial will be used dependent upon
the circumstances surrounding the divorce.



I looked at her father, then walked over to the fireplace and fed the
document to the flames…



Her father nodded approvingly as he placed the original signed
prenuptial back into his desk. He then stated that one of his businesses
he owned was a veterinary pharmaceutical supply company and I instantly
recognized the name when he mentioned it as it was named one of the most
successful private companies in the world. He then said if I ever got
tired of doctoring animals he could always use a good hand in the
company, or in one of his others...



He tightly clasped my shoulder and shook my hand and then solemnly stated



“The duty falls upon you three to ensure both of our family lines continue

“Welcome to the family!”



Her father opened the door and we saw Alexis with her mother and Katrina
standing there, waiting all this time just outside in the hallway.
Alexis had a concerned look on her face as did the other two women. Her
father had emerged from the library with a solemn look upon his face.

I saw tears spring to Alexi’s eyes as she began to fold in upon herself
as the other two women moved in to support her; surprisingly, Katrina
also had tears beginning to streak her face. Then Alexis saw her father
smile and nod and then Alexis ran and leapt into my arms as her mother
and Katrina embraced us with all three crying with tears of happiness…



The next night we three all did wind up in the heated swim spa after a
long afternoon of skiing after her parents had retired for the evening.
Both Alexis and Katrina came to the spa with robes on as usual, when
they dropped the robes, both were nude! They laughed pretty hardily at
my reaction and the deep blush upon my face. They climbed in and made
fun of me being the only one with clothes on. Then they looked at each
other and then attacked me pulling off my swimsuit!



Each of them settled on either side of me and they asked what was
discussed in the library. I told Alexis and Katrina what had transpired
involving the prenuptial agreements, about feeding the second prenuptial
into the fire and the provisions it had listed. Both of them stared at
me for a long period without speaking after I told them what I had done,
then both smiled and I think looked at me with new respect. Then I told
them I was still confused about the way her father kept emphasizing it
was up to the three of us to continue both family lines. I clearly
understood what he meant and I told him Alexis and I both wanted
children in part for just this reason, it just seemed a bit ambiguous
about the way he dances around part of it when he was referencing Katrina.



Katrina explained that in the past she unfortunately ran with the wrong
crowd, even the affluent crowd had many indecent men within, spoiled by
their wealth, carefree attitude and thinking they could treat anyone
they want to, feeling safe in their moneyed immunities. Even the ones
that were decent seemed spoiled or felt entitlement in some way in which
she did not care for.



Katrina further explained

“a few years ago when I was in Monaco, I was severely beaten by my
boyfriend, a man of affluent means, and I was in a hospital for two
weeks. The authorities investigated but nothing further happened. Father
ensured that the fellow will not ever assault another woman or another
person ever again…”



For several long moments both Alexis and Katrina gave me the coldest,
hardest intense stares, the likes of which I had never seen let alone
have ever received. Certainly never from Alexis and it shocked me to my
core. It clearly conveyed their meaning and intent, and the resolute
will and immense power both of these beautiful women possessed. For a
brief moment, I had a dark glimpse into the extreme wealth and
accompanying power that such families have, that these two women could
yield whenever the need arises…



Then Katrina continued

“So I have pretty much turned away from men. Now I have a proclivity for
keeping company of my own gender and in the future I will prefer it that
way…



I was still confused, now even more as her father’s conversation was
clearly centered on keeping our families perpetuated and now Katrina was
telling me she prefers women! My evident confusion must have shown for
both women gently laughed at me as Katrina said to me



“Are you that dense or is it your reserved cowboy heritage!”



Alexis took over the explanation, making it very clear what will be in
the future…

“What father could not say, will not directly say knowing of Katrina’s
preferences, is that it will remain to Katrina, I and you to ensure our
family line continues, so it is up to Katrina and I to ensure that
happens. We will utilize a long accepted European royal practice that
resolves the problem of continuing lines of succession. If a male royal
in line of succession was killed in battle or died before an heir was
conceived, or was unable to father children, then the husband’s brother
or next closest male relative would father the children. Or as another
example, distant relatives would inter-marry other distant relatives to
keep the family lines intact. Since Katrina and I are distantly related
and the last of our family lines, it was decided that it would be in the
best interest of fecundity but more importantly, security of the family
succession and wealth, and also to prevent any future family rivalries
and/or divisions arising from another outsider marrying into the family
solely for the sake of fathering Katrina’s children, that the children
Katrina and I will bear will be from the same father….”





Katrina hotly whispered into my ear

“Alexis did tell you nothing is ever held back between us, and I so
enjoyed watching you two the other night…”



Stunned, I sat there in a moment that seemed to last an eternity as my
roles and relationships became very clear and the magnitude of it.



It ended when I felt a hand on my leg and then a hand on my other, and
each squeezed in turn. Slowly I nodded my understanding and acceptance -
while I may be married to Alexis, I will be bound to identical duties,
responsibilities and obligations with Katrina…



A few months later when Spring had arrived, the night before our
wedding, in a moment of insecurity thinking of her friends and Katrina,
I mentioned I could not bear nor entertain the thought of sharing Alexis
with another man as she seemed to be so sharing with me.

Alexis laughed and called me silly stating she had never intended nor
ever had the desire for another man, no matter how wild, crazy and free
things had happen in the past or may happen in the future. In Alexis’s
own words



“In fact, until you came along, I really did not care that much for men
as I found most of them wanting. You do recall I told you I never dated
much. You are plenty more than enough and words fail me how much I love
and treasure you - and Katrina feels the same way…



But, as she continued with that sexy husky voice that she used from time
to time, she loved to hear her friends talk about me, their envy, and
how lucky she was to have not only a big ruggedly handsome very
intelligent man but also the most well endowed one they had ever met or
heard of outside of porno films!



She was thrilled and considered it a huge erotic turn on listening to
and watching her gorgeous friends come up with ways to seduce you,
ravishing you in their minds and words as well as dropping all their
inhibitions, watching their little schemes unfold when we are all in the
spa or pool and then the inevitable gasps of awe and shock… besides
while I have no desire for another man, you well know by now I do not
have the same reservations with women…



The wedding, as custom, was held in the quite large chapel of the family
castle. I had my three best friends as best men while Katrina served as
maid of honor with two other of Alexis’s best friends, with about 100
people in attendance. The castle and chapel were decorated to the hilt
and it was a fairy tale wedding. I think people wondered why Katrina was
crying just as much as Alexis…



My three friends greatly enjoyed themselves and for their almost two
week stay established good friendships with Alexis’s girlfriends and
some of her other girlfriends who were in attendance at the wedding as
they saw the sights. There was not a dry eye on either the girlfriends
or the three guys upon their departure back to the states.

My parents got along famously with Alexis’s parents and by the time
their stay ended they all appeared to be best friends and had already
planned for her parents and Katrina to fly over and stay at the ranch
for a few weeks.



PART 8



In May we both graduated and settled into married life. My parents told
us to build a moderate size house on part of the ranch that I had always
admired, sited on a hill overlooking the river below, stating when the
time came for us to start having children we could move into the “Big
House” the very large family ranch house, and they would move into this
one or use it as a guest house. The site was on the opposite side of the
ranch so we had plenty of privacy. We also had constructed a horizon
infinity pool as well as another barn the ranch solely needed with
stalls and a corral so I could bring some of my larger “patients” home
if I had to if the pens at the vet clinic were full.



Going into two years of marriage, our sex life was just as robust, wild
and inventive. We both love to surprise each other and “spice” things
up. About a month into our marriage, I was on her computer because mine
had crashed. I went to optimize it because it was running a bit slow and
I started checking the internet settings. I clicked on the History
folder and saw adult websites in it. That explained how she kept on
being so imaginative in our sex life! Later that week I figured out a
way, using an anonymizer website, to send to her smart phone and
computer, links to adult stories, photos and movies.



Being not only very beautiful but extremely intelligent, to my surprise
about a week later I started receiving similar anonymous links and
emails. Over time it developed into a game of brinkmanship of who could
send the most risqué and arousing stories and images. Ultimately I was
resoundingly and totally defeated in this game when she sent me a series
of photos of four of her friends that had been on various ski trips with
us, nude, making out, going down on each other and using a variety of
toys on each other. The last picture had a caption that said “imagine me
with them…!”

But this did not end the game…



Everything about our lives was normal if you do not count being married
to a highly sexed, highly sexually imaginative wild European princess
complete with fairy tale ancestral castle whose family wealth was in the
billionaire range! Until the night I had to bring my work home with me…

One day a very well-heeled client brought in her magnificent German
Shepard, named Khan. This client showed him at dog shows and had won
many prizes and commanded top stud fees. There was nothing wrong with
Khan but the woman wanted me to watch him for her while she was away.
She told me that Khan was high strung and that he would tear up her home
if she left him alone. Alexis was thinking about getting a large dog
(small ones are inappropriate for being on a ranch) and this would be a
good opportunity for her to get a feel for large breeds and which one
she may want.


I left to go out to make a large animal call and it turned out to be a
long difficult one. By the time I got back to the clinic to get Khan and
then go home, I was worn out.



Khan was pacing in his kennel whining continuously, at first I thought
he was just being anxious but then I saw his partially exposed cock. I
checked the chart of the adjacent kennel and saw it contained a bitch;
more so, she was in heat and was scheduled to be neutered. Unfortunately
my staff did not check the chart before placing Khan beside her. Poor
Khan, being a stud dog, he had been stimulated all this time and not
getting any relief.



As we drove home Khan kept whining the entire way, whether anxious or
still stimulated I could not discern. I had called ahead and told Alexis
that I would be bringing him home and she met us out on the porch.

Khan immediately leapt out of truck and enthusiastically greeted her,
repeatedly jumping up on her as she knelt to greet him which I thought
strange considering this was the first time he had met Alexis and he was
a highly trained show dog. Then I realized what it was, Alexis’s
kneeling position was too similar to a mounting position and he must
still be stimulated. His repeated jumping up on Alexis and whining at
her was an attempt to figure out how to mount. Alexis then told me he
sure is a friendly and enthusiastic one. I decided not to say anything
about what was really happening, not wanting to upset my royal high-bred
European wife.



Khan stayed by Alexis’s side all that evening, occasionally nudging at
her arm or leg for attention…



We retired for the evening and when Alexis came out of the dressing room
wearing an expensive see thru negligee and G-string panties I knew what
she wanted. Normally she slept nude but when she was exceptionally horny
and wanted to be ravished she would don something sexy.



I groaned. While my mind was willing, my body was not, despite being
married to the most beautiful woman ever! The long hot shower I took had
not relived all the aches and pains I had incurred in a very muddy
pasture trying to deliver a calf and I had wound up having to do a C-
section on the cow in the damn muddy pasture, then getting the cow up
and get her to the barn. With only the rancher helping me it was a very
tiring day.



I told Alexis about my day and how tired and sore I was and she said she
understood. It was just that she had been incredibly horny all afternoon
after reading a couple of the “anonymous” adult stories that somehow
kept popping up on her computer and haven’t figured out how to block,
and had been fantasizing about my huge cock. The cocks in the stories
she had read were not anywhere near in comparison to what she was
extremely lucky to be married to. Then she added, as a teaser to really
see if I was interested or not, “she thought about getting herself off
with one of her dildos but had decided to wait as she wanted the real
thing…”



I profusely apologized to my extremely beautiful and alluring wife
because when she got like this she was a real insatiable dynamo and
could take me all the way inside her with less difficulty than usual.

And when she is really hot and up to it she wants anal sex, though that
is very difficult for her due to my size and it usually only happens
when she has been drinking, a lot! This is the first time I actually had
turned her down in the four years we have been together!



PART 9



We went to sleep or at least I did due to my fatigue but Alexis woke me
and said something is wrong with Khan. He will not lie down, and he
keeps pacing all around the bedroom whining occasionally.



“What’s wrong with him?” She asked me.

“I don’t know I replied in a heavy fog, I had been deeply asleep”.

“I sure wish he would lie down and let me get to sleep.”

“You’re the vet.” She said with a clever smile.

“Why don’t you find out what his problem is?”



I rolled over and turned on the lamp next to the bed. Khan was walking
back and forth and it only took me a second to see his large swollen red
penis hanging down below his belly. Khan would turn around and lick it
for a moment and then start walking again. That’s when I remembered that
the staff accidently placed him in an adjacent kennel with a bitch that
was in heat and he had been there all day. He was in heat and needed
relief himself.



“Nothing I can do.” I told my wife as she looked over my shoulder.

“Wow!” Alexis said as she looked down at Khan’s swollen dick.



Her mouth had fallen open in unabashed shock as she caught sight of the
long, tapered, red cock protruding from its sheath between Khan's legs.
Never had she imagined a dog would have such an impressive-sized cock



“I’ve never seen a dog’s dick all the way out like that before.

What has him so turned on.” She asked.



I told her about the mix-up at the clinic as I wondered why my wife
would notice his dick at all.



“I got to get some sleep.” I said as I turned off the light again.



We lay there in the darkness for a long time as Khan kept pacing and
from time to time the sounds of him whining filled the room. I was just
about to get up and put him into the bathroom or out in the barn when
Alexis sat up.



“I can’t take it anymore, can’t you do something?”

She said as she slipped out of the bed next to me.

“I can’t give him what he needs.” I answered her flatly.

“What is that?”

She asked as she turned on the light and got down on the floor to pet
Khan. He quickly rolled over and exposed his swollen red cock to my
wife’s curious eyes, she pet him soothingly.



“He needs a female dog.” I told her.



“Look at the size of his thingy.

I mean it’s huge, but not as big as yours.”



Alexis said as she looked at the Khan’s cock closer. My wife was right.
Overall, I would guess it would be a bit over nine inches long, knot and
all when he became fully hard, but I knew that knot would swell up to a
much bigger diameter than my fat cock - tennis ball size or larger!
Alexis pet Khan one last time and put both of her elbows on the bed
facing me.



“I wish we could do something...” She started to say. I don’t know if it
was the fact that my wife was now on her knees with her lovely ass
pushed up into the air or what but Khan jumped up on Alexis and quickie
mounted her. He tightly wrapped his forepaws around her waist and
started thrusting hard at her ass as his lust rushed over him.



Alexis laughed “Crazy dog” she said as she tried to push him off but he
held her tight and keep humping her like crazy. I could see she would
have difficulty breaking his hold so I decided to get up to help, albeit
slowly, because it did look pretty comical! Alexis had on a short sexy
see thru negligee and as I rolled over to help her I could make out
Khan’s big red dick thrusting between the parted moons of her firm up
turned bare ass, her tiny silk G-string panty barely covering or
protecting anything…

“Come here Khan.” I said as I got hold of his collar. I had to
physically pull hard on him, initially he would not let go of Alexis’s
hips and I wound up pulling both of them backwards until he finally
released his hold on her.



“Thanks.” Alexis told me as I pulled Khan off her. “That was a mistake.
I could feel his thingy rubbing against my panties and thrusting against
my anus”. She looked down at Khan as he paced next to her.



I looked at her closely and realized her face was flushed.



“Ya, another minute and he might have had his way with you.”

I said as Khan walked around the bed.



“You think he would have?”



“I think that he would if I didn’t stop him. He could have easily
slipped past that little silk G-string your wearing. Once in a mounting
position a non-neutered dog will instinctively start humping. At this
stage they are just “fooling” around - thrusting around gauging where
things are but will become increasingly aroused. The next stage of
arousal is they will start squirting precum, which is actually a
lubricant and not sperm, to facilitate entry and passage. At this point,
their cock will be able to go anywhere it wants to once it feels a hot
constricted opening.

He is in heat and all his brain is thinking about is getting off. Look
at him” I said pointing down to his red dick which was hanging down
below his belly as he paced around, even bigger than before.



“In fact, speaking from a guy’s standpoint and also as a vet, it is just
as painful for a dog to have a bad case of blue balls just like it is
for guys, and it looks like you aroused him even more, look, his dick is
even bigger than before…”



“Well.” Alexis began as she looked down at Khan’s rock hard scarlet
cock. “I kind of feel sorry for him, I mean look at him, he does appear
to be uncomfortable”. She looked up at me; her emerald green eyes had a
strange sparkle that I had never seen before. She looked somehow sexy
and excited.



“I feel sorry for him too” I said as I noticed that my wife’s nipples
were also now diamond hard thru the transparent negligee. “But how could
we help?” I questioned.



“You’re the vet, you tell me” Alexis said shyly.



Her shy tone surprised me, Alexis is anything but shy! The only time I
had seen her shy was when she proposed to me. My mind was racing as I
looked at the affect Khan was having on my wife. I had never thought
about anything like this before. Not in my wildest fantasy had I
wondered what it would be like to see my beautiful wife doing something
like this. Then it happened, before I even knew what I was saying it
came rushing out.





“You could jack his cock for him” I laughingly teased…

“You must be out of your mind!” she instantly replied.

“No honey, I’m really not. I mean it.

You would look extremely hot and erotic jacking off Khan”.



She replied

“I am shocked you would even think that I would do such a thing”.



“Alexis, you got this all wrong, just think of the erotic image of it,
one of the world’s most incredibly beautiful women, wearing a very sexy
“fuck me” negligee, jacking a dog off - it is a fantasy that most men
have thought of at least once in their lives …I just wanted to give you
something to think about”.

“I didn’t realize there was anything missing from our sex life!”

She harshly replied, her royal voice starting to emerge.



“Honey, you well know there isn’t anything missing!

You are a wild and creative sexual dynamo, my god, I thought I would
have a permanent blush and be in a perpetual state of embarrassment
watching you with your friends, and Katrina. I just thought we could add
something different to it. That’s all. Honey, don’t get upset, we are
just talking”.



“I am not upset, I want to know what you have on your mind, you started
this”.



“Honey, I do not want to argue anymore but you were the one who wanted
to help, doesn’t the idea interest you in the least?” I asked.





After a few moments she replied

“Well, some of those “anonymous” adult stories and images that pop up on
my computer do have links to other websites. I was curious to see where
they would lead and they lead to other sites for adult art, 3D drawings,
comics and anime. There were images of women doing similar things, so it
must not be that uncommon of a thing to do.…”


Then Alexis gave me an evil grin, and said

“Be very careful what you ask for!

People sometimes can’t handle what they think they want”.



Alexis – I wondered if he was really serious or just assing around. I
decided to find out if he really wanted me to jack Khan off if he was
just joking. The thought, still kinda excited me, it was pretty naughty
but in an erotic way, as I recalled browsing thru the 3D drawings and
anime. It was pretty brazen and daring letting him hump me while I only
wore my G-string panties. Only after he started and had me locked into
an unbreakable vise grip did I realize how strong he was, or how
powerful his thrusting was. Now in hindsight I was amazed his cock tip
had not slipped past my G-string panties and into my ass or pussy!



Shit, I thought to myself, I think I could jack him off. Fuck, what am I
thinking?

I noticed my pussy was getting wet and I knew it would clearly be
obvious with the silk G-string panties I wore. It would serve Trevor
right if I did jack Khan off. I was mad and kind of excited at the same
time. I just kept thinking about what Trevor said, how it would look. I
could feel my pussy getting wetter and hotter, as I thought of jacking
Khan’s cock. My face was getting flush red and my nipples were painfully
hard, I was surprised by my own physical reactions. That sweet son of a
bitch husband of mine I thought. I am going to give him something to
watch. Fuck, I am really getting turned on, thinking about it. What is
wrong with me? Am I really going to do this? The answer is, Hell Yes!
Let’s just see how he likes his wife jacking off Khan. He opened up this
box; let’s just see how he likes what’s inside. Why not? In fact, I
might not only jack him off but really shock Trevor by letting him mount
me again so he could rub his cock between my legs…, as I remembered that
strangely erotic and brazen feeling of his cock thrusting between my
bare ass cheeks and against my barely covered vagina. I knew right then
my sex life was going to change…



I started running my hand along Khan’s body. I could feel his muscles
under his fur. My right hand rubbed his body; my left hand found his
sheath covered cock. My pussy was hot now! Trevor was intently watching
to see if I would back down, then I saw his erection under the sheet,
his fingers barely touching it. I suspect he had been toying with his
cock and stopped when he saw me start to look up. Fuck him! I thought to
myself, I will see who will back down first! Khan’s cock was fully
exposed with the knot, it looked strange to me. But, I had gone too far
now to stop as I rubbed Khan’s sheath, I could feel his cock growing. My
eyes were fixed to the opening of his sheath as the red pointed cock
started to emerge. Khan is was hung well too, I kept thinking to myself.
About nine inches, not quite as long as my loving husband but this knot
was the size of a tennis ball. Shit! This is exciting, I really love
this. Then, Khan started humping my hot hand.



Just as I thought I would get on my knees to let him mount and let him
thrust his cock between my closely pressed legs to really shock Trevor
he said



“You could let him mount you, just keep your legs tightly pressed
together so he does not enter. Just kind of let him thrust between your
legs, your skin would do it, I think. Then he will quiet down and we can
all get some sleep…”



Trevor – “I looked down at Alexis and for the first time in our
marriage, I didn’t recognize my wife”.



“Well I better get these expensive flimsy things off so he doesn’t snag
them with his claws”

then she pulled off her short negligee and slipped off her silk G-string
panties. I stood there in silence and shock as my now naked beautiful
wife kneeled back down onto the carpeted floor at the foot of our bed…



Khan didn’t even hesitate. He jumped up on my wife’s exposed lovely bare
ass and grabbed her with both of his front paws. Khan quickly started to
hump; I could see his red cock rubbing against and thrusting between the
parted moons of Alexis’s now completely unprotected ass again.



Alexis - I felt him start to hump and poke at me although it seemed
rather hap hazard, one second it would touch my leg, then the next my
ass cheek but I couldn’t help feeling intensely excited by it. I felt
his cock thrust excitingly against and then in-between the parted twin
moons of my ass, the cock tip several times teasingly danced directly
around my tight anal entrance. A few times I felt the tip prod directly
against the entrance but found the portal too tight and slipped away. I
slightly tilted my ass up and with his next thrust, I felt his cock slip
into the cleft between my legs, sliding against my labia lips and over
my hardening clitoris.



Trevor - I was surprised at just how quickly Alexis had knelt at the
edge of the bed and shocked again as after a several seconds of Khan dry
humping her, I watched her start spreading her knees apart instead
keeping them clamped together so Khan could dry hump her.



“Alexis, if you are going to do it that way, remember what I said about
when he starts to squirt precum. At that point you need to reach behind
you and grasp his cock and let him thrust into your hand to get him off”



My voice slowly died away as another shock went thru me as I watched her
labia lips swell and begin to openly part…



PART 10

Alexis - As Khan humped at me I smiled at myself enjoying the feeling of
being lusted after by him and the quite evident open lust my husband was
displaying, it was turning me on more than I could have imagined,
especially when I could feel his cock tip touch my labia lips. It felt
silky smooth, slippery and HOT! Then the inevitable happened. I felt his
hot tip slip inside me for a brief second which made me moan
uncontrollably. As quick as it entered me it was gone. This happened a
few more times just making me wetter and even hornier! I felt myself
start to lose control of my body, and my mind had lost control of any
rational thought. At this point I was unsure what to do but with a jolt
I realized I was hornier than I had ever been before.



Then, I felt a powerful jet of hot precum blast against my tight anal
entrance, surging my arousal to new intensity, then, a second blast
directly into my vaginal opening and I realized my labia lips had
swollen and openly parted laying bare my entrance.

I was instantly overcome with the hotly intense erotic feeling of the
powerful jet of hot fluid blasting against and into my tight vaginal
opening - I felt a renewed surge of arousal that flamed the growing heat
in my pussy and uncontrollably I gave myself over completely. I decided
to just let whatever and wherever happen - only one thought prevailed
and that was to be fucked thoroughly and thoroughly satisfied, as an
unbearable heated wanton primal arousal seated deep within my pussy
demanded to be satiated.



Trevor - In amazement I watched as Alexis tilted her ass up. She let out
a moan when he started squirting precum against her unprotected tight
anal entrance and then her unprotected sex as he continued to thrust and
then Alexis let out a loud gasp and I watched as more than half of his
cock disappeared into my wife’s tight pussy! When Khan realized he had
hit home, on his second thrust he slammed forward and started pounding
Alexis with ferocity!



Alexis - My pussy opened around Kahn's hot cock, its heat warming my
insides, his hardness plowing me open, his urgency and strength pushing
me against the bed. His cock snaked inside me almost taking my breath
away as he seemed to grow. My pussy screamed as he stretched me, my mind
wanting to resist his assault, but my body giving way to primal wanton
desire. I gripped at the bedspread and let him have his way, shocked by
the primeval ferocity he was humping at me. His pounding thrusting was
actually shaking the bed!



Trevor - I saw Khan started to fuck Alexis like crazy. In less than a
minute he had driving his cock into my wife’s pussy more than thirty
times. Alexis’s grabbed hold of the bed as his crimson cock assaulted
her. She gripped the bedspread with her free hand and bit her lower lip
as Khan worked her over. I looked down and noticed that Khan had already
managed to work his whole cock as deep as she would let him into her.
She kept a grip on his cock right below the knot that had started to
form there. At least Alexis was not going to let Khan tie her up I was
thinking…



“ This is…. The….. Best… Part?”

She said between stabs of Khan’s large meaty dick.

She let go of Khan’s cock altogether and I knew that he was trying to
push his swollen knot up into my wife’s tight pussy.



Alexis lowered her head and I just had to look down and see for myself.
Khan’s cock was pushing against her pussy; it was starting to open
wider. With each push the larger part of his cock was disappearing into
my wife’s pussy. Half of the knot was lodged into her already and as I
watched he started to hump her more quickly. Another shock as I watched
my beautiful wife began humping back against the thrusting cock trying
to get the swelling knot inside her! The large knot finally worked its
way into my wife’s pussy.



Alexis - I felt his knot pushing against me then starting to open me,
spreading me for the tie. I felt his knot push completely inside then
tugged back out, it happened several times, it was an amazing feeling my
pussy getting tighter and tighter with the increasing diameter of the
swelling knot each time it thrust back inside making me whimper, my body
gave over to my first orgasm. Spasms and shivers coursed through my
body, my pussy clamping tight around his burning knot, feeling the hot
length of his cock thrusting into me at speeds I have never experienced.
My pussy felt like it was on fire inside and then he locked into me…



Trevor - I could no longer see it. We both knew she was knotted and
knotted well when she started to talk back to Khan:



“That’s it…. You……. Bastard! Give It to me…. Give it all to me!”

Alexis hissed between strokes as she humped back against the deeply
embedded cock.

Alexis was grunting away with Khan’s lewd fucking motions behind her.
Each time Khan pushed into her she would let out a lust filled grunt.
Sweat was now dripping down her brow. I had never seen her like this
before. Her hair was all messed; her face was twisted in lust.


Alexis - I was feeling every inch of his red cock. My pussy lips were to
the knot, I came two more times, hard and fast, one behind the other as
I wiggled my pussy lips over the tennis ball sized knot.

FUCK MEEEE!!!!!!!!! FUCK MEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!

I screamed as I pressed down and slowly the knot passed through the lips
of my pussy.

YESSSSSSSS GOD YESSSS, FUCK MY HOT PUSSY!

I yelled as my pussy filled with Khan’s cock


I looked through glazed eyes at Trevor. I knew he was still in shock. I
really didn’t care. I loved the feel of this cock being furiously
pounded into me with a speed no man could match and it was his idea! I
moved my full pussy around the Khan’s cock. He was whining and thrusting
upwards into my soaked, cum filled pussy. I could hear Trevor breathing
hard, I knew he would shoot his load of cum soon.



Trevor - “Well…..” She said with a struggle. “Give me your cock!” Alexis
pointed at my dick. She waved me towards her face.



Alexis grabbed it with the same forcefulness she had just used on Khan’s
cock. She grabbed me like she really didn’t care what I wanted. She
pulled me towards her mouth and started to suck on my dick. I couldn’t
help but look down and watch Khan’s cock as it worked away into my
wife’s pussy. It had already been a few minutes. I didn’t know how long
it would take him to unload but I knew I was not far away from my own
orgasm.

“He is… Really something…Ugh…get my pussy… get it boy… Get it KHAN!

Take it.. That’s right.. my pussy is all yours right now...”

My wife said around the head of my dick. Khan leaned down and rested his
head on Alexis’s shoulder.

Give me that ….. Cock.. THAT HUGE COCK…Ohhhh.” that’s it ride my hot
tight pussy with that big prick of yours!”



She was talking in lusty hushed tones but every once in awhile she would
let out an unexpected cry

“That’s….. It’s... deeper. I know that’s what you want... I know your
cock is bigger than that.. Push you bastard.. Push… I can take it… Ohhh
Yessss, push that knot deeper... Ohh God! Fuck! His cock is getting so
big! Oh Shit! "Oh yes, fuck, his cock is so fucking HUUUUUGE!"

screamed Alexis as she was rocking back towards him as he fucked into
her pussy.



Trevor - Alexis went back to work on my dick, jerking on it with
uncoordinated movements caused by the big powerful dog’s onslaught into
her pussy. She looked back towards Khan, he kept his head low as Alexis
started to orgasm



“Give it to me Khan…” She loudly yelled out.



Alexis shrieked a primal scream that was wrenched from her lungs. Again
and again the guttural cry rent the air until her hoarse voice began to
give out. Her entire body stiffened under Khan as the invading dog cock
gave her the most intense orgasms of her life. Orgasms so intense it
permanently addicted Alexis to…dogs.



“Alexis gripped my cock hard as she came on Khan’s cock. I couldn’t help
it. I started to cum. I shot off all over her face, and Alexis didn’t
turn away as she usually did. She quickly grabbed my cock and sucked it
into her mouth as I finished unloading. Khan suddenly whimpered and I
could tell that my wife was getting a large quantity of well earned load
of cum.

“That’s it Khan.”YES! YES! Oh… FUCK Yeah! That’s It! CUM INSIDE ME!

Oh my God, he's cumming in me! He's cumming!

Oh, shit, holy shit, it's so much cum! FUCK! It's sooo HOT!

He's filling my womb up! I can feel it swell with all he is pumping into me!

Fuck! Ahhh, OH FUCK YES!

Trevor - For a moment I felt a flash of inadequacy as well as shock at
seeing my beautiful wife exhibiting such openly wanton primal lust and
seeing that primal lust savagely and completely fulfilled! Even though I
was much bigger than Khan in cock size I could not match the fast
pounding fury he could give her, the feeling of the huge knot swelling
inside her stretching her farther she ever had, pressing hard against
her sensitive G-spot, nor the huge quantity of inhumanely heated precum
and cum being ejaculated into her!



Alexis said softly “I think I’m going to be stuck here for a bit” as she
relaxed under Khan. They had fucked for at least ten minutes and I knew
that it would be several more minutes before the Khan’s huge knot would
let them part.

Alexis on the other hand started to rock back and forth on Khan’s cock
as she rub her clit. She was using Khan’s spent hardness to work herself
off to yet another orgasm. I felt my cock began to stir to life again
watching her…



Alexis - I looked back between my widely spread legs and could see a few
drops that had leaked around him forming to drop to the floor from my
pussy. I reached down to rub the warm fluid into my clit as I felt
another throb inside me....followed by a twitch and another
throb...realizing I was about to cum again. I came like never before and
Khan even seemed to let out a whimper as my vaginal muscles again
tightly clamped down. I moaned and I squealed, my fingers on my clit,
rubbing it hard as I humped back, my pussy muscles repeatedly squeezed
the long and thick cock, milking it for everything it had.



I relished the feeling of his long and thick rigid cock sealing up my
hot soaking wet pussy, his huge knot pressing into my vaginal tunnel,
tightly pressing against my G-spot, expanding my tunnel to a dimension
never experienced before. Moving my hand over my smooth and flat
muscular abdomen to my pubic mound, I could feel it swollen with the
knot! I could feel the liquid heat in my pussy spreading through my
abdomen as he continued to fill me,



I lost track of time, I didn’t really care until he attempted to pull out…



His knot was still at full size and my pussy clamped tight around him.
The pain shot straight to my head with the first hard firm pull, my
muscles fighting to hold him in; resisting the force he was applying to
open me. He pulled me backwards forcing me onto my hands and knees.



Trevor - I watched Alexis as she grunted again and this time she let
Khan slowly slip out of her well fucked pussy with a prolong schlepping
noise and a final pop! I looked down at my wife’s gapping pussy. I could
see she was wet with cum all the way down to her knees. Alexis had just
kind of collapsed down onto the floor.



Alexis - All my efforts to stay with him failed, and with one hard pull,
His knot forced its way out of me, as a painful groan escaped my throat
and I collapsed to the floor. My pussy throbbed and the muscles burned
from the force of our separation.

Getting back to my knees my eyes widened and I gasped when I saw the
huge red thickly swollen cock and larger than fist size knot that had
just been inside me. I looked underneath me amazed at the quantity of
fluid that still continued to gush out of my pussy, coating my thighs
and wetting the floor, at the quantity of copious cum that had been
deposited inside my pussy! It was so hot!



I tried to get control of my body, to settle my mind, to accept what had
just happened. It was almost like he had raped me, but was it possible
to rape the willing? After all I did take off all my clothes, got down
on my knees, and allowed Khan to mount me. I chastised myself knowing
how I let the dare go too far, how my body and my lust instantly and
completely took over when I first felt his hot squirting cock thrusting
against me. I always knew I couldn’t control myself when I was highly
aroused and stimulated, how a new experience left me mindless except one
thought - the need to be thoroughly and completely satiated, and I let
this happen…



Trevor - Her lovely ass was still sticking up in a beautiful lewd
display, the parted moons of her ass cheeks, her lovely tight anus, and
her red swollen openly parted labia with a long stream of cum issuing
forth from her pussy and flowing to the floor. I kneeled down and
grabbed her by the hips. Alexis’s head popped up with a start and her
head spun around. Before she could say anything my cock was halfway
inside into her gapping dog fucked pussy - the first time I had ever
been able to enter her so easily or so deeply in one thrust. With the
help of Khan’s sperm I easily slipped in deeper.



“What… are you doing?” Alexis protested.

“I’m going to fuck you… I’m so turned on right now”

I said as I drove back into her pussy which was hot from the cum. I
could feel my cock push against her cervical entrance, slowly I exerted
gentle pressure and felt my cockhead begin to slip past, and I felt
Alexis began to respond as she pushed back against me pushing my cock
deeper into her cervical passage reaching for her womb… I fucked into
her; it was so exciting to know I was pushing cum back into her womb...



Alexis - I was somewhat in a state of shock, having just been fucked
like I never have before experienced nor the innumerable most intense
orgasms I had ever had. Khan’s cock was not as nearly as long in length
or thickness as my husband, except for the knot, but then I realized it
was the raw primal intensity of the action, then I felt Trevor begin to
thrust into me…



“Is that it…? ” Alexis said as she looked at me over her shoulder.

“Does it turn you on… to watch your wife getting dog fucked!”

She said in a lust filled voice.

“Hell Yes Alexis!

More than anything!”



Alexis - something deep inside of me stirred, something primal and
simultaneously completely strange yet perfectly natural... as I suddenly
intensely orgasmed, my pussy tightly clenched Trevor’s cock in repeated
rippling spasms as I triggered his own massive explosion deep within me…



Slowly, I pulled out of Alexis and collapsed onto the bed having one of
the most intense orgasms I had ever experienced. Alexis rose, silently
looked at me, then went to the bathroom and took a long shower as I
drifted off to sleep. It was like I was in another world.



PART 11



The next morning I took Khan back to the kennel and gave him back to his
owner. If only she knew what her dog had been doing back at my house. I
went home that day not really knowing what to say to Alexis. How can you
bring up a subject like this in casual conversation?



Afterwards I noticed that for the first few days Alexis seemed reserved
and quiet, which not her usual openly loving, talkative and playful
self. She did not talk about what had happened that night. She acted
like she had not Let Khan fuck her or had actually been fucking him back
in front of me. I couldn’t get it out of my mind. At night as I lay
there beside her all I could think of was watching her fucking Khan. I
could still see her spread out willingly in front him, being mounted. It
excited me and I wanted more of it.



A few nights later in which we once did not have sex, the first time
that ever happened, I pulled her towards me as I tried to bring up what
had happened. I wanted to talk about it. I kissed at her neck as my cock
pressed against her legs, then slowly I felt her legs part in response.
My cock found her entrance and I waited to see if she would respond
further. I wanted to see her act as she did when she was twisted in lust
with Khan. It had been such an unexpected turn on to see her shake with
orgasm after orgasm on an inhuman cock. After a few more moments of
caressing her and kissing her nape, Alexis began working my cock inside
of her pussy, the same tight pussy that had been locked over a canine’s
cock the other night. The same tight pussy that had welcomed canine
sperm inside her. Slowly, I felt her respond more and more as she became
more diligent in working my cock deeper inside as she built up to a
feverish pitch…



“Did you like it?” I asked as I fucked her hard. “Did you like Khan
fucking you?!”



I was instantly rewarded with the feeling of a warm rush from her pussy.
I relived the experience with her as we fucked. I told her what it had
looked like seeing her impaled upon his big red hot cock, locked onto
his knot. I told her how much it had excited me to watch Khan servicing
her. Soon her pussy was so wet that we were both soaked, as I easily
slid in and out of her without the need for artificial lubrication, her
pussy had never been this wet before that I could remember.

“Please.” She said. “I only did it to help Khan.
YOU told me he was in pain and discomfort.”
She added as I worked out my own load into her pussy.

I knew that Alexis liked fucking Khan. I knew that she enjoyed it and
would do it again I just had to set up the right kind of situation. Her
body told me all I needed to know…


Two days later she was still being quiet. I decided to take her out to
dinner and then to her favorite bar. She ate little but drank more than
she usually does when it is just her and I, she was more than tipsy. We
were sitting in a quiet corner with low lights and soft music playing,
no one could overhear the conversation I was about to initiate with Alexis.





“Honey, are we okay? You have me worried…”



Alexis replied

“We’re just fine, I just had to process some things, to reconcile what
happened the other night, with Khan…”



“Honey, it was a onetime thing, we both got carried away, it will never
happen again” I reassured her.



“Nooo, that’s not it, I, I enjoyed it” she said in a low stutter.

“I have never been fucked so hard, so fast, so very intensely before! It
was like something primal welled up within me - this deep seated sexual
primal urge to be fucked hard and be fucked now and I did not care with
what!

Please don’t get me wrong, you are the greatest lover and I am the most
fortunate woman in the world to be married to a fantastic lover who is
also extremely and fantastically very well endowed as well as
intelligent and the envy of all my friends. Most times when we have sex,
we are making love to each other, showing how much we love each other,
and it is fantastic each time -but this, this was just raw primal
fucking with the sole purpose of climaxing and achieving sexual release!

“I have spent the last few days constantly trying to figure out how the
act of being mounted and dry humped could so create an uncontrollable
flaming arousal within me. Then when Khan started squirting precum, that
hot fluid hitting my ass and pussy seemed to instantly vanish all my
inhibitions and I had an overwhelming feeling of wanting a hot cock
slammed into me right that instant! And then he did start fucking me
with that hot cock and I could feel each and every spurt of hot precum
as it shot inside as he fucked me! And then feeling his knot swell up
inside to huge proportions pressing against my G-spot creating one
orgasm after another! I could actually feel him fill up my womb with all
the fluid he ejaculated, the spreading warmth as he pumped more and more
into me. I,I, just got overwhelmed - totally lost in the sensations and
pleasure!

“Even more so, I have been trying to reconcile with what I did, how I
acted, and how I responded with who I am - a highly educated royal
European princess who is member of one of the world’s wealthiest families!”



Stunned, I could just sit there and stare at her. Alexis reached across
the table and took both of my hands in hers, as a tear leaked from her
eyes as she said



“Honey, please do not think less of me… I could not bear it for I love
you so much it hurts…”



Startled with her words and now knowing she had been putting herself in
needless pain, I quickly reassured Alexis that was not the case - that
my love for her never diminishes but only grows stronger and deeper with
each day and I did not have the words to express how much I love and
care for her.

Then I added

“What you did and how you responded was the biggest, hottest erotic
thing I had ever seen which would fuel the flames of fantasy of any man
and many a woman!

Seeing one of the world’s most beautiful women doing what you did and
the immense sexual gratification you received! Hell! There are hundreds
of porn sites strictly devoted to this subject, so as you said yourself,
it must not be that uncommon of a thing to do.…!!!”



Alexis stared back at me and then reached for her drink that the
waitress had just refreshed. I watched her as she drained her stiff
drink in just a few swallows. Then she looked at me and said

“I would like to do it again….”



PART 12 (The Next Day)

When we are working around the house and outside and down at the barn
and not expecting company, Alexis likes to wear old clothing that very
sexily shows off her lovely figure and assets to admire my reactions and
comments. Secretly I think she alters some of it to be even sexier,
appealing as well as revealing! Today Alexis was wearing old loose-
fitting low-rise three button faded Daisy Dukes denim cutoffs that
allowed her curvaceous firm ass cheeks to peek out along with a tight
thin mid-riff tank top that was two sizes too small, that was deeply
scalloped in the front - with no bra on.



We had purchased a donkey that we named Jake to keep the coyotes away
from the livestock. Guard donkeys are not neutered because it keeps them
more aggressive toward predators; however in a short time he became more
of a pet. When we went on campouts on the ranch, Jake preferred to lay
down next to our bedrolls instead of being with the other horses. He
also constantly hung around the house begging for treats instead of
performing guard duty. Jake was very persistent in looking for treats in
every pant and shirt pocket with his sensitive and inquisitive nose.
Often times very embarrassingly so when Alexis’s girlfriends were over
repeatedly nuzzling their shirt pockets with a velvet soft nose
eliciting giggles from them. One girlfriend had commented Jake was
better at this than some of her past boyfriends! But I must say he did
make a good watch donkey. Whenever he heard a vehicle coming up the
miles long ranch road to our house, he would start braying letting us
know someone was approaching.



I went down to the barn to load range cubes into the truck for the
livestock. Alexis was already there giving Jake his weekly bath. Alexis
had started giving Jake weekly baths, loving seeing how his coat became
more lustrous each week with her bathing and grooming. When I got there
she had Jake in the bath stall with the thick rubber floor mat so the
horses and now Jake could not slip when getting bathed.



The mid-riff tank top was wet from her bathing Jake and had become
transparent. I felt a definite stirring in my pants as I watched her
full firm up-thrust voluptuous unfettered breasts slowly shift
repeatedly with her exertions bathing Jake, her small areolas and taut
nipples clearly showed thru the wet translucent thin material, her
diamond hard nipples looked like they would cut thru the fabric of her top.



The short mid-riff tank top and her low-rise daisy duke cutoffs allowed
an extremely generous amount of tanned bare skin to be exposed showing
Alexis’s hard ripped midriff as well as her lower abdomen with her
equally well-defined muscle definition. Silently I wondered how those
cut-off jeans managed to stay up! I thought to myself there was not a
wet tee shirt contest anywhere in the world she would not win let alone
a beauty contest!



The top third button of her low-rise jeans was unfastened and her jeans
were parted in a Vee. For a moment she stood straight up, I watched as a
long thick trickle of soapy water ran down from up under her breasts,
down her flat abdomen then disappear into the Vee…



Alexis saw me looking at her and gave me a grin. Then she turned that
sexy cute ass toward me and slowly bent over with her legs spread apart
to soap up the sponge from the wash bucket. Her Daisy Dukes cut up into
her and a generous amount of her bare firm ass cheeks showed clearly she
was not wearing any panties underneath…



In a husky sexy voice with that rich European accent she said

“Hey cowboy!

How about coming over here and giving me a hand…



As I walked over to Alexis she looked at me with a gleam in her eye and
a saucy smile upon her lips. Then she crossed her arms in front of her
and slowly pulled off her tank top, then she skimmed off her cutoff
daisy dukes.



Then she arched a royal eyebrow at me and stated

“I did tell you I wanted to do it again, but with Jake this time.….”



P.S. – A couple of weeks later I had gone to a continuing education
seminar out of state. It was unfortunate it coincided with Katrina’s
arrival to stay with us for a month or so and I was unable to go with
Alexis to pick her up at the airport. I was checking my emails one night
in my hotel room and I saw an email from Alexis with a video attached.
Her email simply stated

“Katrina has discovered something just as good as another woman with a
dildo and in some aspects better!”

I clicked on the video clip and there was Katrina in our bedroom, nude,
being furiously pounded by the mastiff, her orgasmic screams went on and
on…

The next day I called Alexis. We chatted about how things were going,
what plans she and Katrina had come up with, what I was doing, and how
much I missed them and look forward to getting back. Then Alexis asked
me how I liked their email last night. Instantly a lump formed in my
throat and I could only croak out a weak “fantastic!”

Alexis sexily chuckled at my reply, then mentioned one of her
girlfriends was coming over tonight to stay a couple nights until I got
back and to check my email again late tonight…
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Read 2581563 times | Rated 92.8 % | (7412 votes
<javascript:showhideVotesDiv()>) Vote list (Close
<javascript:showhideVotesDiv()>) :
wennb <https://www.sexstories.com/profile10806/wennb> : POSITIVE
sparky59 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile111300/sparky59> : POSITIVE
sailguy <https://www.sexstories.com/profile315647/sailguy> : POSITIVE
mandawg <https://www.sexstories.com/profile319155/mandawg> : POSITIVE
shefux <https://www.sexstories.com/profile364744/shefux> : POSITIVE
tipi <https://www.sexstories.com/profile391480/tipi> : POSITIVE
LeahR <https://www.sexstories.com/profile430184/LeahR> : POSITIVE
marlys33 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile447733/marlys33> : POSITIVE
Big_Black_Boy82 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile465853/
Big_Black_Boy82> : POSITIVE
Impax <https://www.sexstories.com/profile501032/Impax> : POSITIVE
LadyRed <https://www.sexstories.com/profile529072/LadyRed> : POSITIVE
hornygirl1437 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile535908/hornygirl1437> :
POSITIVE
wife4hungblk <https://www.sexstories.com/profile543110/wife4hungblk> :
POSITIVE
acbullrider <https://www.sexstories.com/profile554600/acbullrider> :
POSITIVE
sharkbytenow <https://www.sexstories.com/profile565428/sharkbytenow> :
POSITIVE
Jynx13 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile579967/Jynx13> : NEGATIVE
Sylentnight <https://www.sexstories.com/profile645388/Sylentnight> :
POSITIVE
fuckweed101 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile674284/fuckweed101> :
POSITIVE
shotgun1009 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile691472/shotgun1009> :
POSITIVE
luvsdog <https://www.sexstories.com/profile709978/luvsdog> : POSITIVE
ladylovinpapa2 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile740353/
ladylovinpapa2> : POSITIVE
Countz <https://www.sexstories.com/profile771208/Countz> : POSITIVE
BIGCLITTY <https://www.sexstories.com/profile774932/BIGCLITTY> : POSITIVE
hard7 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile781189/hard7> : POSITIVE
IRONDOC <https://www.sexstories.com/profile802072/IRONDOC> : POSITIVE
jb1023 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile804662/jb1023> : POSITIVE
lll9830 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile814074/lll9830> : POSITIVE
Daddyd61 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile820648/Daddyd61> : POSITIVE
Nicky69 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile824042/Nicky69> : POSITIVE
nitejazz <https://www.sexstories.com/profile827446/nitejazz> : POSITIVE
Like2BeMe4U2 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile829610/Like2BeMe4U2> :
POSITIVE
leinpipe <https://www.sexstories.com/profile847915/leinpipe> : POSITIVE
hiddenzero <https://www.sexstories.com/profile849440/hiddenzero> : POSITIVE
Jc69fatD <https://www.sexstories.com/profile892646/Jc69fatD> : POSITIVE
McDaddy4U77 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile895942/McDaddy4U77> :
POSITIVE
DarkDM <https://www.sexstories.com/profile958002/DarkDM> : POSITIVE
hokus <https://www.sexstories.com/profile963965/hokus> : POSITIVE
Pervgurl101 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile966028/Pervgurl101> :
POSITIVE
jAdamh <https://www.sexstories.com/profile993731/jAdamh> : POSITIVE
Eikichi <https://www.sexstories.com/profile994723/Eikichi> : POSITIVE
Trixielarue <https://www.sexstories.com/profile998479/Trixielarue> :
POSITIVE
FordGTracer <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1000348/FordGTracer> :
POSITIVE
Laraibaa <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1047839/Laraibaa> : POSITIVE
onlygoodguy <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1048766/onlygoodguy> :
POSITIVE
Nstantkarma <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1060377/Nstantkarma> :
POSITIVE
Terrired <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1075984/Terrired> : POSITIVE
The Grinch <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1087609/The%20Grinch> :
POSITIVE
jimga <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1108638/jimga> : POSITIVE
altaff143 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1180560/altaff143> : POSITIVE
Dlikes2 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1185074/Dlikes2> : POSITIVE
cinnamon_spice <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1206656/
cinnamon_spice> : POSITIVE
Falsofy <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1224803/Falsofy> : POSITIVE
roxan brown <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1233193/roxan%20brown> :
POSITIVE
chefachi <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1297092/chefachi> : POSITIVE
Bmhpantyfan <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1305689/Bmhpantyfan> :
POSITIVE
camelbak <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1305954/camelbak> : POSITIVE
Riche1122 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1325135/Riche1122> : POSITIVE
Dcaak <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1335725/Dcaak> : POSITIVE
FilthyMindUK <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1370874/FilthyMindUK> :
POSITIVE
FantasticgirlL <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1446499/
FantasticgirlL> : POSITIVE
syilvia <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1467068/syilvia> : POSITIVE
tomharley <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1497978/tomharley> : POSITIVE
whacker69 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1522277/whacker69> : POSITIVE
BalkanBoi69 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1525489/BalkanBoi69> :
POSITIVE
Quiet Woody <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1795700/Quiet%20Woody> :
POSITIVE
Maverick452 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1890153/Maverick452> :
POSITIVE
Please rate this text:
   
61 comments
« <javascript:getCommentsPerPage(0, 'comments')>1
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(0, 'comments')>2
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(1, 'comments')>3
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(2, 'comments')>4
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(3, 'comments')>5
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(4, 'comments')>»
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(12, 'comments')>


        FantasticgirlL <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1446499/
        >Report <javascript:report(1274357, 'comment')> 

2019-09-12 08:38:55
A well build up hot story waiting to be on all fours to get fucked all
over again and again with a big stud loved it looking for more Fg.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        Pete1975 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1277018/>Report
        <javascript:report(1263456, 'comment')> 

2018-01-22 18:17:08
An amazing story and very well written. On of the best I’ve read on this
site. I’d love to hear more about them and Jake or the dogs. Great
reading indeed
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        Bwincfl <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1221382/>Report
        <javascript:report(1262029, 'comment')> 

2017-10-22 19:16:16
Story was too long and could have been better if the women had used
honey and peanut butter to entice the dogs.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        Bwincfl <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1221382/>Report
        <javascript:report(1262028, 'comment')> 

2017-10-22 19:16:12
Story was too long and could have been better if the women had used
honey and peanut butter to entice the dogs.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        Trucker1269 <https://www.sexstories.com/profile1161354/>Report
        <javascript:report(1256048, 'comment')> 

2017-02-07 12:43:17
I really wish this story would continue
------------------------------------------------------------------------
« <javascript:getCommentsPerPage(0, 'comments')>1
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(0, 'comments')>2
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(1, 'comments')>3
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(2, 'comments')>4
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(3, 'comments')>5
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(4, 'comments')>»
<javascript:getCommentsPerPage(12, 'comments')>
SUBMIT A COMMENT
You are not logged in.
Characters count:     

Do you write sex stories or sex-related texts? submit them to us!
Register here to post <https://www.sexstories.com/createaccount>

Back to the Sex Stories <https://www.sexstories.com/> - Visit XNXX.COM
<http://www.xnxx.com/> - Bookmark XNXX Stories
<javascript:void(favoris());> - Set us as your homepage <#> - Submit a
text <https://www.sexstories.com/createaccount> - Contact us <http://
www.xnxx.com/contact_stories.php>

Copyright 2000-2006 © XNXX-PiCS. All rights reserved.

